src/pages/docs/oauth/index.mdx, before:

---
title: OAuth
description: This describes the oauth config used for applications
tags:
  - ShipEngine Connect
  - OAuth
---

# Mono Auth Overview
The ShipEngine Connect platform uses an internal system called `MonoAuth` to handle Oauth 1 and 2 auth handshake flows.
This internal system works with a DSL that you define inside of your application definition, and supports property injection in the form of tags.

## Installation Process
- Define your application as using OAuth as seen in the following [example]()
- Publish your application to ShipEngine Connect using the `connect publish`
- Contact a member of the [ShipEngine Connect Team]() in order to establish a MonoAuth installation
    - Provide a ClientId & ClientSecret used for initiating the oauth workflow
- Once the installation has been created you will recieve back a callback url Ex: `https://authbridge-sec.auctane.com/authflow/{application_code}/accept`

## OAuth 2
An Integration Definition consists of three main components, which match the
OAuth2.0 code-exchange flow. In order, they are:

1. [Authorization](./flow/authorization.mdx)
1. [Request Token](./flow/request-token.mdx)
1. [Refresh Token](./flow/refresh-token.mdx)

> **PRO TIP:** If you are not familiar with OAuth2 code-exchange flow there are many
sites online that provide information:
- [Auth0 Authorization Code Flow](https://auth0.com/docs/flows/authorization-code-flow)
- [Okta: Authorization](https://www.oauth.com/oauth2-servers/authorization/)
- [Okta: What the Heck is OAuth?](https://developer.okta.com/blog/2017/06/21/what-the-heck-is-oauth)

## OAuth 1

To support the 3 legged OAuth1.0 flow two more top level components are available:
- `access_token` element
    - `url_template` is the only available property. As always the `url_template` field may be templatized.
- `advanced_configuration`
    - `redirector` is currently the only available advanced option. Specifying `oauth1` will initiate and lock a flow into OAuth1.

```json
{
  "access_token": {
    "url_template": "http://localhost:4000/v1/AccessToken"
  },
  "request_token": {
    "url_template": "http://localhost:4000/v1/RequestToken"
  },
  "authorization": {
    "url_template": "http://localhost:4000/v1/Authorise"
  },
  "advanced_configuration": [
    {
      "name": "redirector",
      "value": "oauth1"
    }
  ]
}
```

## Advanced Topics
- [Response Transformation](./advanced/response-transformation.mdx) *(specify how responses from the two exchanges can be mapped into the MonoAuth canonical model)*
- [Connection Context](./advanced/connection-context.mdx) *(allows a response transformer to specify a collection of properties in connection_context)*

## Templating

The Integration Definition DSL JSON is processed with a simple templating engine
that supports variable substitution and some basic operations.


```json
{
    "name": "client_id",
    "value": "{installation:client_id}"
}
...
{
    "name": "refresh_token",
    "value": "{result_token_response:refresh_token}"
},
...
{
    "name": "redirect_uri",
    "value": "{system:authorize_callback_url}"
},
```

### Value Resolvers

The example above shows these templating expressions:
`{installation:}`, `{result_token_response:}` and `{system:}`. A template expression
is defined by a value enclosed in curly brackets `{}`. The value always
contains at least one colon `:`. The part before the colon identifies the Value Resolver.
The part after the colon is a parameter passed to the Value Resolver.

A value resolver is a component in the templating engine that can look up or 
compute data. The simplest value resolvers in MonoAuth simply use the RHS to point to a property.

| Expression  | Resolver |
| ----------- | ----------- |
| `{auth_state:` | [Auth State](./resolver/auth-state.mdx) |
| `{base64:` | [Base64](./resolver/base64.mdx) |
| `{callback:` | [Callback](./resolver/callback.mdx) |
| `{integration:` | [Integration](./resolver/integration.mdx) |
| `{installation:` | [Installation](./resolver/installation.mdx) |
| `{result_token_response:` | [Result Token Response](./resolver/result-token-response.mdx) |
| `{system:` | [System](./resolver/system.mdx) |

Commit message:

Replace MonoAuth with Auth Bridge

src/pages/docs/oauth/index.mdx, after:

---
title: OAuth
description: This describes the oauth config used for applications
tags:
  - ShipEngine Connect
  - OAuth
---

# Auth Bridge Overview
The ShipEngine Connect platform uses an internal system called `Auth Bridge` to handle Oauth 1 and 2 auth handshake flows.
This internal system works with a DSL that you define inside of your application definition, and supports property injection in the form of tags.

## Installation Process
- Define your application as using OAuth as seen in the following [example](./examples/definition.mdx)
- Publish your application to ShipEngine Connect using the `connect publish`
- Contact a member of the [ShipEngine Connect Team]() in order to establish a Auth Bridge installation
    - Provide a ClientId & ClientSecret used for initiating the oauth workflow
- Once the installation has been created you will recieve back a callback url Ex: `https://authbridge-sec.auctane.com/authflow/{application_code}/accept`

## OAuth 2
An Integration Definition consists of three main components, which match the
OAuth2.0 code-exchange flow. In order, they are:

1. [Authorization](./flow/authorization.mdx)
1. [Request Token](./flow/request-token.mdx)
1. [Refresh Token](./flow/refresh-token.mdx)

> **PRO TIP:** If you are not familiar with OAuth2 code-exchange flow there are many
sites online that provide information:
- [Auth0 Authorization Code Flow](https://auth0.com/docs/flows/authorization-code-flow)
- [Okta: Authorization](https://www.oauth.com/oauth2-servers/authorization/)
- [Okta: What the Heck is OAuth?](https://developer.okta.com/blog/2017/06/21/what-the-heck-is-oauth)

## OAuth 1

To support the 3 legged OAuth1.0 flow two more top level components are available:
- `access_token` element
    - `url_template` is the only available property. As always the `url_template` field may be templatized.
- `advanced_configuration`
    - `redirector` is currently the only available advanced option. Specifying `oauth1` will initiate and lock a flow into OAuth1.

```json
{
  "access_token": {
    "url_template": "http://localhost:4000/v1/AccessToken"
  },
  "request_token": {
    "url_template": "http://localhost:4000/v1/RequestToken"
  },
  "authorization": {
    "url_template": "http://localhost:4000/v1/Authorise"
  },
  "advanced_configuration": [
    {
      "name": "redirector",
      "value": "oauth1"
    }
  ]
}
```

## Advanced Topics
- [Response Transformation](./advanced/response-transformation.mdx) *(specify how responses from the two exchanges can be mapped into the Auth Bridge canonical model)*
- [Connection Context](./advanced/connection-context.mdx) *(allows a response transformer to specify a collection of properties in connection_context)*

## Templating

The Integration Definition DSL JSON is processed with a simple templating engine
that supports variable substitution and some basic operations.


```json
{
    "name": "client_id",
    "value": "{installation:client_id}"
}
...
{
    "name": "refresh_token",
    "value": "{result_token_response:refresh_token}"
},
...
{
    "name": "redirect_uri",
    "value": "{system:authorize_callback_url}"
},
```

### Value Resolvers

The example above shows these templating expressions:
`{installation:}`, `{result_token_response:}` and `{system:}`. A template expression
is defined by a value enclosed in curly brackets `{}`. The value always
contains at least one colon `:`. The part before the colon identifies the Value Resolver.
The part after the colon is a parameter passed to the Value Resolver.

A value resolver is a component in the templating engine that can look up or 
compute data. The simplest value resolvers in Auth Bridge simply use the RHS to point to a property.

| Expression  | Resolver |
| ----------- | ----------- |
| `{auth_state:` | [Auth State](./resolver/auth-state.mdx) |
| `{base64:` | [Base64](./resolver/base64.mdx) |
| `{callback:` | [Callback](./resolver/callback.mdx) |
| `{integration:` | [Integration](./resolver/integration.mdx) |
| `{installation:` | [Installation](./resolver/installation.mdx) |
| `{result_token_response:` | [Result Token Response](./resolver/result-token-response.mdx) |
| `{system:` | [System](./resolver/system.mdx) |
