README.md, before:

ShipEngine Connect Sample Apps
===============================================

This repo contains sample ShipEngine Connect apps to demonstrate and test various features of ShipEngine Connect.



About ShipEngine Connect Apps
--------------------------------------------
Apps are just [NPM packages](https://docs.npmjs.com/about-packages-and-modules) that export an object with properties and methods that define the app's functionality.

An app must have a [`package.json` file](https://docs.npmjs.com/files/package.json) in its root directory, which specifies its name, version number, and dependencies. The [ShipEngine Connect SDK](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@shipengine/connect-sdk) (`@shipengine/connect-sdk`) must be listed as a dependency or devDependency.

Other than that, the folder structure and file names are entirely up to you.  As long as your app exports an object with the right structure, it doesn't matter whether that object is defined in a single file or spread across many files.



Supported File Types
----------------------------
To make things even easier for you, ShipEngine Connect supports JSON, JSON5, YAML, and even TypeScript files in addition to plain JavaScript. You can use any combination of these file types for different parts of your app.


Sample Apps
-----------------------
This repo contains several sample ShipEngine Connect apps that demonstrate various features of the platform.

| Sample Company | Description
|----------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
| [![Cargo Incorporated](./cargo-inc/logo.svg)](./cargo-inc) | This is a carrier integration, written in **JavaScript**. It uses **YAML** to define service offerings and **JSON** for form definitions. <br><br> **Warning: Demonstrates upcoming features that are not yet supported.**
| [![FreightCo](./freightco/logo.svg)](./freightco) | This is a carrier integration written entirely in **JavaScript**, including its service offerings and form definitions.
| [![Parcel Post](./parcel-post/logo.svg)](./parcel-post) | This is a carrier integration written entirely in **TypeScript**, including its service offerings and form definitions.
| [COMING SOON] | A sample order app written in **JavaScript**, **YAML**, and **JSON** is coming soon
| [COMING SOON] | A sample order app written entirely in **JavaScript** is coming soon
| [COMING SOON] | A sample order app written entirely in **TypeScript** is coming soon

Commit message:

Added the logo and information about ShipEngine Connect to the ReadMe

README.md, after:

![ShipEngine Connect](https://connect.shipengine.com/img/logos/shipengine-connect-logo.png)

Sample Apps
===============================================

This repo contains sample ShipEngine Connect apps to demonstrate and test various features of [ShipEngine Connect](https://connect.shipengine.com).


About ShipEngine Connect
--------------------------------------------
ShipEngine Connect powers the world's leading e-commerce solutions, including [ShipStation](https://www.shipstation.com/), [ShipEngine](https://www.shipengine.com), [ShippingEasy](https://shippingeasy.com/), and [ShipWorks](https://www.shipworks.com/). ShipEngine Connect enables developers to integrate with all of these brands at once.

Whether you are a shipping carrier, an online marketplace, or another service provider, ShipEngine Connect makes it easy for you to make your services available within each of our world class e-commerce solutions and gain immediate access to a worldwide user base eager to take advantage or your services.

<br>

![ShipStation ShipEngine ShippingEasy ShipWorks](https://connect.shipengine.com/img/logos/auctane.svg)



Supported File Types
----------------------------
To make things even easier for you, ShipEngine Connect supports JSON, JSON5, YAML, and even TypeScript files in addition to plain JavaScript. You can use any combination of these file types for different parts of your app.



Sample Apps
-----------------------
This repo contains several sample ShipEngine Connect apps that demonstrate various features of the platform.

| Sample Company | Description
|----------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
| [![Cargo Incorporated](./cargo-inc/logo.svg)](./cargo-inc) | This is a carrier integration, written in **JavaScript**. It uses **YAML** to define service offerings and **JSON** for form definitions. <br><br> **Warning: Demonstrates upcoming features that are not yet supported.**
| [![FreightCo](./freightco/logo.svg)](./freightco) | This is a carrier integration written entirely in **JavaScript**, including its service offerings and form definitions.
| [![Parcel Post](./parcel-post/logo.svg)](./parcel-post) | This is a carrier integration written entirely in **TypeScript**, including its service offerings and form definitions.
| [COMING SOON] | A sample order app written in **JavaScript**, **YAML**, and **JSON** is coming soon
| [COMING SOON] | A sample order app written entirely in **JavaScript** is coming soon
| [COMING SOON] | A sample order app written entirely in **TypeScript** is coming soon
