getting-started/how-it-works.md, before:

---
title: How It Works
---
# How It Works
:::warning Self Integrators
Please contact the [ShipEngine Connect Team](mailto:connect@shipengine.com) at [connect@shipengine.com](mailto:connect@shipengine.com) and let them know that you are interested in becoming a self integrator.<br/><br/>
**A signed contract must be in place prior to an integration going live.**
:::
Our platform will make a call out to your integration which is hosted inside of a container. Your project implements and exposes an object that can be consumed by any runtime we build. By default your project is packaged with an http web service runtime. The general idea is that you are simply implementing methods that will be passed the body of the http request as the input to the method, and the response will be serialized and returned as the response.

```mermaid
flowchart LR
    connect[Connect Platform]
    integration([Your Integration])
    shipstation>ShipStation]
    shipengine>ShipEngine]
    shipworks>ShipWorks]
    shippingeasy>ShippingEasy]
    auctane>Auctane Brands]
    thirdparty([Third Party API])

    shipengine-.->connect
    shipworks-.->shipengine
    shippingeasy-.->shipengine
    auctane-.->shipengine
    shipstation-.->connect
    connect-.->integration
    integration-.->thirdparty
```
:::success Product Visibility
When an application is promoted to production it becomes available to consumers of the ShipEngine platform including brands like ShipWorks, ShippingEasy, ShipStation, etc.

***This however does not guarantee that a brand will choose to include your integration in their service offerings.*** 

*For more details on brand availability, please reach out to your business contact with Auctane or the [ShipEngine Connect Team](mailto:connect@shipengine.com).*
:::

All types that can be found in the api documentation have a corresponding model in the SDK.
 
```JavaScript methods/acknowledge-orders/index.js
const { logger } = require('@shipengine/connect-runtime');

/**
 * request will be the body of the http request
 */ 
module.exports.AcknowledgeOrders = (request) => {
  logger.info(
    'This is a log that I can find using the `shipengine-connect logs` command after publishing.'
  );
  return {
    responses: [
      {
        order_id: 'example_order_1',
        succeeded: true,
      },
      {
        order_id: 'example_order_2',
        succeeded: false,
        failure_reason: 'Invalid Order Id'
      },
    ]
  };
  /**
   * This will be serialized as this json response
   {
    "responses": [
        {
          "order_id": 'example_order_1',
          "succeeded": true,
        },
        {
          "order_id": 'example_order_2',
          "succeeded": false,
          "failure_reason": 'Invalid Order Id'
        },
      ]
   }
   */
}

```
```TypeScript methods/acknowledge-orders/index.ts
import {
  AcknowledgeOrdersRequest,
  AcknowledgeOrdersResponse,
} from "@shipengine/connect-order-source-api";
import { logger } from "@shipengine/connect-runtime";
/**
 * request will be the body of the http request
 */ 
export const AcknowledgeOrders = async (
  request: AcknowledgeOrdersRequest
): Promise<AcknowledgeOrdersResponse> => {
  logger.info(
    "This is a log that I can find using the `shipengine-connect logs` command after publishing."
  );
  return {
    responses: [
      {
        order_id: 'example_order_1',
        succeeded: true,
      },
      {
        order_id: 'example_order_2',
        succeeded: false,
        failure_reason: 'Invalid Order Id'
      },
    ]
  };
  /**
   * This will be serialized as this json response
   {
    "responses": [
        {
          "order_id": 'example_order_1',
          "succeeded": true,
        },
        {
          "order_id": 'example_order_2',
          "succeeded": false,
          "failure_reason": 'Invalid Order Id'
        },
      ]
   }
   */
};

```
:::info Recommendation
It is recommended to use TypeScript, it acts as safety rails to make sure you are adhearing to the specification. ![](./images/type-error.png)
:::

Commit message:

Various editorial changes to the documentation
I went through the exercise of following the docs to create a new app.

I think these changes will add some clarity for the target audience.

getting-started/how-it-works.md, after:

---
title: How It Works
---
# How It Works
This documentation will guide you through building an integration between
products powered by ShipEngine (including ShipStation, ShippingEasy, ShipWorks)
and another service provider.

Your project implements and exposes a set of functions that can be consumed by
our internal systems. For development, your project is embedded in an HTTP
web application. This demonstrates how your functions might be invoked within
our systems, while making it accessible to common tools like `curl` or [Postman](https://www.postman.com/).
The development server will pass the body of the HTTP request as input to
your function, and your function's result will be serialized and returned as
the HTTP response.

```mermaid
flowchart LR
    connect[Connect Platform]
    integration([Your Integration])
    shipstation>ShipStation]
    shipengine>ShipEngine]
    shipworks>ShipWorks]
    shippingeasy>ShippingEasy]
    auctane>Auctane Products]
    thirdparty([Third Party API])

    shipengine-.->connect
    shipstation-.->shipengine
    shipworks-.->shipengine
    shippingeasy-.->shipengine
    auctane-.->shipengine
    connect-.->integration
    integration-.->thirdparty
```
:::success Product Visibility
When an application is promoted to production it becomes available to consumers of the ShipEngine platform including products like ShipWorks, ShippingEasy, ShipStation, etc.

***This however does not guarantee that a product will choose to include your integration in their service offerings.*** 

*For more details on product availability, please reach out to your business contact with Auctane or the [ShipEngine Connect Team](mailto:connect@shipengine.com).*
:::

The SDK contains a TypeScript type definition for each schema in the API documentation.
 
```JavaScript methods/acknowledge-orders/index.js
const { logger } = require('@shipengine/connect-runtime');

/**
 * request will be the body of the http request
 */ 
module.exports.AcknowledgeOrders = (request) => {
  logger.info(
    'This is a log that I can find using the `shipengine-connect logs` command after publishing.'
  );
  return {
    responses: [
      {
        order_id: 'example_order_1',
        succeeded: true,
      },
      {
        order_id: 'example_order_2',
        succeeded: false,
        failure_reason: 'Invalid Order Id'
      },
    ]
  };
  /**
   * This will be serialized as this json response
   {
    "responses": [
        {
          "order_id": 'example_order_1',
          "succeeded": true,
        },
        {
          "order_id": 'example_order_2',
          "succeeded": false,
          "failure_reason": 'Invalid Order Id'
        },
      ]
   }
   */
}

```
```TypeScript methods/acknowledge-orders/index.ts
import {
  AcknowledgeOrdersRequest,
  AcknowledgeOrdersResponse,
} from "@shipengine/connect-order-source-api";
import { logger } from "@shipengine/connect-runtime";
/**
 * request will be the body of the http request
 */ 
export const AcknowledgeOrders = async (
  request: AcknowledgeOrdersRequest
): Promise<AcknowledgeOrdersResponse> => {
  logger.info(
    "This is a log that I can find using the `shipengine-connect logs` command after publishing."
  );
  return {
    responses: [
      {
        order_id: 'example_order_1',
        succeeded: true,
      },
      {
        order_id: 'example_order_2',
        succeeded: false,
        failure_reason: 'Invalid Order Id'
      },
    ]
  };
  /**
   * This will be serialized as this json response
   {
    "responses": [
        {
          "order_id": 'example_order_1',
          "succeeded": true,
        },
        {
          "order_id": 'example_order_2',
          "succeeded": false,
          "failure_reason": 'Invalid Order Id'
        },
      ]
   }
   */
};

```
:::info Recommendation
If you use TypeScript, the tooling can help make sure you adhere to the specification.
For example, it can provide compiler errors when the object you return from
your function does not match the expected schema:  ![](./images/type-error.png)
:::
