getting-started/initialize-project.mdx, before:

---
title: Initialize Project
---

import {
  FlexSection,
  ThinTile,
} from '@redocly/developer-portal/ui';
import orderIcon from '../images/orders.svg';
import packageIcon from '../images/package.svg';
import truckIcon from '../images/shipping-truck.svg';
import calculatorIcon from '../images/calculator.svg';
import thirdPartyLogisticsIcon from '../images/third-party-logistics.svg';
import cogBrowser from '../images/cog-browser.svg';
import ontrac from '../images/ontrac-logo.png';
import prestashop from '../images/prestashop.jpg';

# Initialize Project
## Connect Init
Running the command `init` will begin the process of creating a new ShipEngine Connect application.
```
shipengine-connect init
```

![](./images/connect-init.png)

This will initialize a fresh project for you to get going with.
![](./images/connect-fresh-project.png)

## Integration Types
Learn more about the implementation details of the various ShipEngine Connect integration types.
<FlexSection justifyContent="space-around" flexWrap="wrap">
    <ThinTile header="Orders" icon={orderIcon} to="../orders/index.mdx">
        Import Orders, Notify Marketplaces, etc...
    </ThinTile>
    <ThinTile header="Shipping" icon={packageIcon} to="../shipping/index.mdx">
        Get Rates, Create Labels, Tracking, etc...
    </ThinTile>
    <ThinTile header="Inventory" icon={cogBrowser} >
      Coming Soon...
    </ThinTile>
    <ThinTile header="3PL" icon={thirdPartyLogisticsIcon} >
      Coming Soon...
    </ThinTile>
    <ThinTile header="Freight" icon={truckIcon} >
        Coming Soon...
    </ThinTile>
    <ThinTile header="Native Rating" icon={calculatorIcon} >
        Coming Soon...
    </ThinTile>
  </FlexSection>

Commit message:

Various editorial changes to the documentation
I went through the exercise of following the docs to create a new app.

I think these changes will add some clarity for the target audience.

getting-started/initialize-project.mdx, after:

---
title: Initialize Project
---

import {
  FlexSection,
  ThinTile,
} from '@redocly/developer-portal/ui';
import orderIcon from '../images/orders.svg';
import packageIcon from '../images/package.svg';
import truckIcon from '../images/shipping-truck.svg';
import calculatorIcon from '../images/calculator.svg';
import thirdPartyLogisticsIcon from '../images/third-party-logistics.svg';
import cogBrowser from '../images/cog-browser.svg';

# Initialize Project
## Connect Init
The `init` command will begin the process of creating a new ShipEngine Connect application.

Create a new directory for your project and initialize Connect:

```bash
mkdir connect-example
cd connect-example
shipengine-connect init
```

![](./images/connect-init.png)

This will generate a project structure to help build your integration.

![](./images/connect-fresh-project.png)

## Integration Types
Learn more about the implementation details of the various ShipEngine Connect integration types.
<FlexSection justifyContent="space-around" flexWrap="wrap">
    <ThinTile header="Orders" icon={orderIcon} to="../orders/index.mdx">
        Import Orders, Notify Marketplaces, etc...
    </ThinTile>
    <ThinTile header="Shipping" icon={packageIcon} to="../shipping/index.mdx">
        Get Rates, Create Labels, Tracking, etc...
    </ThinTile>
    <ThinTile header="Inventory" icon={cogBrowser} >
      Coming Soon...
    </ThinTile>
    <ThinTile header="3PL" icon={thirdPartyLogisticsIcon} >
      Coming Soon...
    </ThinTile>
    <ThinTile header="Freight" icon={truckIcon} >
        Coming Soon...
    </ThinTile>
    <ThinTile header="Native Rating" icon={calculatorIcon} >
        Coming Soon...
    </ThinTile>
  </FlexSection>
