src/pages/docs/order-app/tests/index.mdx, before:

---
title: Order App Tests
description: The ShipEngine connect test suite includes comprehensive test coverage for your order app
---


Order App Tests
==========================================
The following automated tests are available for the [Order App](../../reference/order.mdx).

> **TIP:** Click on a test name to view the details for the test.


`getSalesOrdersBydate()` Method
------------------------------------
The following tests exercise the [`getSalesOrdersBydate()`](../../reference/methods/get-sales-orders-by-date.mdx) method.
They may also call the [`connect()`](../../reference/methods/connect.mdx) method if you do not provide
a [`transaction`](../../reference/transaction.mdx) object in your `connect.config.js` file.

| Test Name | Description
|-----------|------------------------------------------
| **COMING SOON!** | We're still working on building-out the test suite for ShipEngine Connect


`shipmentCreated` Method
------------------------------------
The following tests exercise the [`shipmentCreated()`](../../reference/methods/shipment-created.mdx) method.
They may also call the [`connect()`](../../reference/methods/connect.mdx) method if you do not provide
 a [`transaction`](../../reference/transaction.mdx) object in your `connect.config.js` file.

| Test Name | Description
|-----------|------------------------------------------
| **COMING SOON!** | We're still working on building-out the test suite for ShipEngine Connect


`shipmentCancelled` Method
------------------------------------
The following tests exercise the [`shipmentCancelled()`](../../reference/methods/shipment-cancelled.mdx) method.
They may also call the [`connect()`](../../reference/methods/connect.mdx) method if you do not provide
 a [`transaction`](../../reference/transaction.mdx) object in your `connect.config.js` file.

| Test Name | Description
|-----------|------------------------------------------
| **COMING SOON!** | We're still working on building-out the test suite for ShipEngine Connect

Commit message:

Add acknowledgeOrders acceptance test validation

src/pages/docs/order-app/tests/index.mdx, after:

---
title: Order App Tests
description: The ShipEngine connect test suite includes comprehensive test coverage for your order app
---


Order App Tests
==========================================
The following automated tests are available for the [Order App](../../reference/order.mdx).

> **TIP:** Click on a test name to view the details for the test.

`acknowledgeOrders()` Method
------------------------------------
The following tests exercise the [`acknowledgeOrders() method`](../../reference/methods/acknowledge-orders.mdx).
They may also call the [`connect()`](../../reference/methods/connect.mdx) method if you do not provide
a [`transaction`](../../reference/transaction.mdx) object in your `connect.config.js` file.

| Test Name | Description
|-----------|------------------------------------------
|[`acknowledgeOrders`](./acknowledge-orders/acknowledge-orders.mdx) | Generates notification and transaction data and submits it to your `acknowledgeOrders` method.


`getSalesOrdersBydate()` Method
------------------------------------
The following tests exercise the [`getSalesOrdersBydate()`](../../reference/methods/get-sales-orders-by-date.mdx) method.
They may also call the [`connect()`](../../reference/methods/connect.mdx) method if you do not provide
a [`transaction`](../../reference/transaction.mdx) object in your `connect.config.js` file.

| Test Name | Description
|-----------|------------------------------------------
| **COMING SOON!** | We're still working on building-out the test suite for ShipEngine Connect


`shipmentCreated` Method
------------------------------------
The following tests exercise the [`shipmentCreated()`](../../reference/methods/shipment-created.mdx) method.
They may also call the [`connect()`](../../reference/methods/connect.mdx) method if you do not provide
 a [`transaction`](../../reference/transaction.mdx) object in your `connect.config.js` file.

| Test Name | Description
|-----------|------------------------------------------
| **COMING SOON!** | We're still working on building-out the test suite for ShipEngine Connect


`shipmentCancelled` Method
------------------------------------
The following tests exercise the [`shipmentCancelled()`](../../reference/methods/shipment-cancelled.mdx) method.
They may also call the [`connect()`](../../reference/methods/connect.mdx) method if you do not provide
 a [`transaction`](../../reference/transaction.mdx) object in your `connect.config.js` file.

| Test Name | Description
|-----------|------------------------------------------
| **COMING SOON!** | We're still working on building-out the test suite for ShipEngine Connect
