src/pages/docs/oauth/advanced/response-transformation.mdx, before:

---
title: OAuth Response Transformation
description: This describes response transformation
tags:
  - ShipEngine Connect
  - OAuth
---

# Response Transformation

For integrations that do not conform to the OAuth 2.0 specifications for
a token and refresh token exchange, an Integration DSL may specify how responses
from the two exchanges can be mapped into the MonoAuth canonical model, the
[`IntegrationTokenResponse`](../MonoAuth/Server/Data/IntegrationTokenResponse.cs).

Transformation is done by adding an additional property `response`
configuration to the `request_token` and `refresh_token` configuration
properties.

Transformers access properties of a response JSON using
[JSONPath](https://jsonpath.com/). Properties that _do not_ start with `$` will
be interpreted as a value, the following example demonstrates the use of both
JSONPath transformation and value mapping.

Given the response payload from an integration token request:

``` JSON
{
 "message": "",
 "code": 0,
 "data": {
  "access_token": "the-access-token",
  "scopes": [
   "foo",
   "bar"
  ],
  "merchant_id": "",
  "expiry_time": "2021-07-17T20:30:00.000+00:00",
  "refresh_token": "the-refresh-token"
 }
}
```

``` JSON
{
  "request_token": {
    /* ... omitted ... */
    "response": {      
      "access_token": "$.data.access_token",
      "refresh_token": "$.data.refresh_token",
      "token_type": "Bearer",
      /* expires_in: "$.data.expires_in" */
      "expires_at": {
        "path": "$.data.expiry_time",
        "date_time_format": "yyyy-MM-ddTHH:mm:ss.fffzzz"
      }
 }
}
```

The `response` object defines a JSONPath expression that MonoAuth
uses to access a value from the response, then populates the associated property
ie. `$.data.access_token` maps into the `IntegrationTokenResponse.AccessToken`
property.

This example also demonstrates two additional features:

1. The value `Bearer` for `token_type` maps directly into the
`IntegrationTokenResponse.TokenType` property with a value of `Bearer`.
1. `expires_at` Is an object, rather than a JSONPath.
    * The `path` property is JSONPath informing MonoAuth where to obtain the
    value.
    * The `date_time_format` property is a date-time format string that can be
    either a [standard](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/standard/base-types/standard-date-and-time-format-strings) format string in .NET or a
    [custom](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/standard/base-types/custom-date-and-time-format-strings) format string for .NET. This example
    uses a custom format string.

`expires_in` vs `expires_at` OAuth2 specifies `expires_in` as a standard
field informing the client how long, in seconds, until the `access_token`
expires. In the example above the integration provides `expires_at`. An integration
DSL may specify either `expires_in` or `expires_at` but **not both**. In the case 
of the latter, `expires_at` MonoAuth will parse the date-time and compute an
`expires_in` value.
<Pager
  prev="../index.mdx" prevTitle="Mono Auth Overview"
/>

Commit message:

Replace MonoAuth with Auth Bridge

src/pages/docs/oauth/advanced/response-transformation.mdx, after:

---
title: OAuth Response Transformation
description: This describes response transformation
tags:
  - ShipEngine Connect
  - OAuth
---

# Response Transformation

For integrations that do not conform to the OAuth 2.0 specifications for
a token and refresh token exchange, an Integration DSL may specify how responses
from the two exchanges can be mapped into the Auth Bridge canonical model, the
[`IntegrationTokenResponse`](../Auth Bridge/Server/Data/IntegrationTokenResponse.cs).

Transformation is done by adding an additional property `response`
configuration to the `request_token` and `refresh_token` configuration
properties.

Transformers access properties of a response JSON using
[JSONPath](https://jsonpath.com/). Properties that _do not_ start with `$` will
be interpreted as a value, the following example demonstrates the use of both
JSONPath transformation and value mapping.

Given the response payload from an integration token request:

``` JSON
{
 "message": "",
 "code": 0,
 "data": {
  "access_token": "the-access-token",
  "scopes": [
   "foo",
   "bar"
  ],
  "merchant_id": "",
  "expiry_time": "2021-07-17T20:30:00.000+00:00",
  "refresh_token": "the-refresh-token"
 }
}
```

``` JSON
{
  "request_token": {
    /* ... omitted ... */
    "response": {      
      "access_token": "$.data.access_token",
      "refresh_token": "$.data.refresh_token",
      "token_type": "Bearer",
      /* expires_in: "$.data.expires_in" */
      "expires_at": {
        "path": "$.data.expiry_time",
        "date_time_format": "yyyy-MM-ddTHH:mm:ss.fffzzz"
      }
 }
}
```

The `response` object defines a JSONPath expression that Auth Bridge
uses to access a value from the response, then populates the associated property
ie. `$.data.access_token` maps into the `IntegrationTokenResponse.AccessToken`
property.

This example also demonstrates two additional features:

1. The value `Bearer` for `token_type` maps directly into the
`IntegrationTokenResponse.TokenType` property with a value of `Bearer`.
1. `expires_at` Is an object, rather than a JSONPath.
    * The `path` property is JSONPath informing Auth Bridge where to obtain the
    value.
    * The `date_time_format` property is a date-time format string that can be
    either a [standard](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/standard/base-types/standard-date-and-time-format-strings) format string in .NET or a
    [custom](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/standard/base-types/custom-date-and-time-format-strings) format string for .NET. This example
    uses a custom format string.

`expires_in` vs `expires_at` OAuth2 specifies `expires_in` as a standard
field informing the client how long, in seconds, until the `access_token`
expires. In the example above the integration provides `expires_at`. An integration
DSL may specify either `expires_in` or `expires_at` but **not both**. In the case 
of the latter, `expires_at` Auth Bridge will parse the date-time and compute an
`expires_in` value.
<Pager
  prev="../index.mdx" prevTitle="Auth Bridge Overview"
/>
