src/pages/docs/reference/carrier.mdx, before:

---
title: Carrier Application Definition
description: The page describes how to define a carrier service.
---


Carrier Application Definition
===============================================
The Carrier Application Definition file pulls all the other definitions and implementations together to tell the [ShipEngine Connect](./../index.mdx) how your
carrier application is structured. This file can reside anywhere within your application as long as its location is specified
in the `main` property of your `package.json` file.
The definition may be specified in [JavaScript](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript), [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/), [JSON](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/JSON), or
[YAML](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/YAML).



Carrier Application
----------------------------------------------
<Reference>

  <Field name="id" required={true}>
    <Type>
      [UUID](https://www.npmjs.com/package/uuid)
    </Type>
    <Description>
      A UUID that uniquely identifies the application for internal ShipEngine Connect purposes. This ID should never change.
    </Description>
  </Field>

  <Field name="name" type="string" required={true}>
    <Description>
      The user-friendly name for this Carrier application.
    </Description>
  </Field>

  <Field name="description" type="string" required={false}>
    <Description>
      A short, user-friendly description of this Carrier application.
    </Description>
  </Field>

  <Field name="websiteURL" type="string" required={true}>
    <Description>
      The URL of the carrier's website.
    </Description>
  </Field>

  <Field name="logo" type="string" required={true}>
    <Description>
      The file path to the Carrier's logo image.
    </Description>
  </Field>

  <Field name="icon" type="string" required={true}>
    <Description>
      The file path to the Carrier's icon image.
    </Description>
  </Field>

  <Field name="trackingURLTemplate" type="string" required={true}>
    <Description>
      Tracking URL format for the carrier. It must be a valid URL that contains curly braces (`{ }`) where the tracking number will be inserted. For example, `http://www.parcel-post.com/tracking/{}`.
    </Description>
  </Field>

  <Field name="connectionForm" required={true}>
    <Type>
      [Form](./forms.mdx)
    </Type>
    <Description>
      A form that allows the user to connect to the service. This form will usually prompt for an account number and login credentials.
    </Description>
  </Field>

  <Field name="settingsForm" required={true}>
    <Type>
      [Form](./forms.mdx)
    </Type>
    <Description>
      A form that allows the user update their connection settings, such as when a password is changed.
    </Description>
  </Field>

  <Field name="manifestLocations" type="string" required={false}>
    <Description>
      Indicates which locations are included in end-of-day manifests. This field is required if the
      [`createManifest`](./methods/create-manifest.mdx) method is implemented.
      Valid values include the following.
      * `all_locations` - The manifest includes all warehouse locations.
      * `single_location` - The manifest includes only the specified warehouse location.
    </Description>
  </Field>

  <Field name="manifestShipments" type="string" required={false}>
    <Description>
      Indicates which shipments are included in end-of-day manifests. This field is required if the
       [`createManifest`](./methods/create-manifest.mdx) method is implemented.
      Valid values include the following.
      * `all_shipments` - All shipments for the current date will be included in the manifest.
      * `explicit_shipments` - Only the explicitly selected shipments for the current date will be included in the manifest.
      * `exclude_shipments` - All shipments for the current date except for those explicitly excluded will be included in the manifest.
    </Description>
  </Field>

  <Field name="manifestType" type="string" required={false}>
    <Description>
      Indicates the type of manifesting supported by the carrier. Valid values include the following:
      * `Physical` - Use this value if the carrier supports physical manifests, even if some of the delivery services only support digital manifests.
      * `Digital` - Use this value if the carrier supports digital manifests, even if some of the delivery services only support phyiscal manifests.
    </Description>
  </Field>

  <Field name="deliveryServices" required={true}>
    <Type>
      object[] *or*  string[]
    </Type>
    <Description>
      The delivery services that are offered by the carrier. These services can be defined directly inline inside this file or you may specify the path to one or more [Delivery Service Definition](./delivery-service.mdx) files.
    </Description>
  </Field>

  <Field name="pickupServices" required={true}>
    <Type>
      object[] *or* string[]
    </Type>
    <Description>
      The pickup services that are offered for this carrier. These services can be defined directly inline insdie this file or you may specify the path to one or more [Pickup Service Definition](./pickup-service.mdx) files.
    </Description>
  </Field>

  <Field name="connect" required={false}>
    <Type>
      method *or* string
    </Type>
    <Description>
      A method that connects to an existing account using the data that was gathered in the
      [`connectionform`](./forms.mdx).
      Note that this function does not return a value but rather updates the
      [`transaction.session`](./transaction.mdx) property.
      You may define this method direcly inline inside of this file or you may specify the path to the file
      that exports your [`connect`](./methods/connect.mdx) method.
    </Description>
  </Field>

  <Field name="createShipment" required={false}>
    <Type>
      method *or* string
    </Type>
    <Description>
      A method that creates a new shipment. You may define this method direcly inline inside of this file or you may specify the path to the file that exports your [`createShipment`](./methods/create-shipment.mdx) method.
    </Description>
  </Field>

  <Field name="cancelShipments" required={false}>
    <Type>
      method *or* string
    </Type>
    <Description>
      A method that cancels one or more shipments. You may define this method direcly inline inside
      of this file or you may specify the path to the file that exports your [`cancelShipments`](./methods/cancel-shipments.mdx)
       method. This property is required for carrier's who allow shipments to be cancelled.
    </Description>
  </Field>

  <Field name="rateShipment" required={false}>
    <Type>
      method *or* string
    </Type>
    <Description>
      A method used to calculate shipping costs for a shipment, or multiple permutations of a shipment. You may define this method direcly inline inside of this file or you may specify the path to the file that exports your [`rateShipment`](./methods/rate-shipment.mdx) method.
    </Description>
  </Field>

  <Field name="trackShipment" required={false}>
    <Type>
      method *or* string
    </Type>
    <Description>
      A method used to get tracking details for a shipment. You may define this method direcly inline inside of this file or you may specify the path to the file that exports your [`trackShipment`](./methods/track-shipment.mdx) method.
    </Description>
  </Field>

  <Field name="createManifest" required={false}>
    <Type>
      method *or* string
    </Type>
    <Description>
      A method that creates an end-of-date manifest. You may define this method direcly inline inside of this file or you may specify the path to the file that exports your [`createManifest`](./methods/create-manifest.mdx) method.
    </Description>
  </Field>

  <Field name="schedulePickup" required={false}>
    <Type>
      method *or* string
    </Type>
    <Description>
      A method used to schedule a package pickup at a particular time and place. You may define this method direcly inline inside of this file or you may specify the path to the file that exports your [`schedulePickup`](./methods/schedule-pickup.mdx) method.
    </Description>
  </Field>

  <Field name="cancelPickups" required={false}>
    <Type>
      method *or* string
    </Type>
    <Description>
      A method used to cancel a previously scheduled package pickup. You may define this method direcly inline inside of this file or you may specify the path to the file that exports your [`cancelPickups`](./methods/cancel-pickups.mdx) method.
    </Description>
  </Field>

</Reference>


Examples
------------
<CodeWrapper>
```typescript
import { CarrierAppDefinition } from "@shipengine/connect";

const address:CarrierAppDefinition = {
  id: "8ea1989e-d504-433f-b031-b04d5d9ace94",
  name: "Cargo Incorporated",
  description: "Cargo Incorporated is the global leader in air cargo.",
  websiteURL: "https://cargo-inc.net",
  trackingURLTemplate: "https://cargo-inc.net/tracking/{}",
  logo: "./logo.svg",
  connectionForm: "src/connection-form.js",
  manifestType: "Digital",
  connect: "src/connect.ts",
  createShipment: "src/create-shipment.ts",
  rateShipment: "src/rate-shipment.ts",

  deliveryServices: [
    "delivery-services/economy-parcel.yaml",
    "delivery-services/ground-parcel.yaml",
    "delivery-services/overnight-parcel.yaml"
  ],
  pickupServices: [
    "pickup-services/one-time.yaml",
    "pickup-services/recurring.yaml",
    "pickup-services/drop-off.yaml"
  ]
}
```

```javascript
const address = {
  id: "8ea1989e-d504-433f-b031-b04d5d9ace94",
  name: "Cargo Incorporated",
  description: "Cargo Incorporated is the global leader in air cargo.",
  websiteURL: "https://cargo-inc.net",
  trackingURLTemplate: "https://cargo-inc.net/tracking/{}",
  logo: "./logo.svg",
  manifestType: "Digital",
  connectionForm: "src/connection-form.js",

  connect: "src/connect.js",
  createShipment: "src/create-shipment.js",
  rateShipment: "src/rate-shipment.js",

  deliveryServices: [
    "delivery-services/economy-parcel.yaml",
    "delivery-services/ground-parcel.yaml",
    "delivery-services/overnight-parcel.yaml"
  ],
  pickupServices: [
    "pickup-services/one-time.yaml",
    "pickup-services/recurring.yaml",
    "pickup-services/drop-off.yaml"
  ]
}
```

```yaml
id: 8ea1989e-d504-433f-b031-b04d5d9ace94

name: Cargo Incorporated

description:
  Cargo Incorporated is the global leader in air cargo.

websiteURL: https://cargo-inc.net

trackingURLTemplate: https://cargo-inc.net/tracking/{}

logo: ./logo.svg

manifestType: Digital

connectionForm: src/connection-form.js

connect: src/connect.js
createShipment: src/create-shipment.js
rateShipment: src/rate-shipment.js

deliveryServices:
  - delivery-services/economy-parcel.yaml
  - delivery-services/ground-parcel.yaml
  - delivery-services/overnight-parcel.yaml

pickupServices:
  - pickup-services/one-time.yaml
  - pickup-services/recurring.yaml
  - pickup-services/drop-off.yaml
```

```json
{
  "id": "8ea1989e-d504-433f-b031-b04d5d9ace94",
  "name": "Cargo Incorporated",
  "description": "Cargo Incorporated is the global leader in air cargo.",
  "websiteURL": "https://cargo-inc.net",
  "trackingURLTemplate": "https://cargo-inc.net/tracking/{}",
  "logo": "./logo.svg",
  "manifestType": "Digital",
  "connectionForm": "src/connection-form.js",
  "deliveryServices": [
    "delivery-services/economy-parcel.yaml",
    "delivery-services/ground-parcel.yaml",
    "delivery-services/overnight-parcel.yaml"
  ],
  "pickupServices": [
    "pickup-services/one-time.yaml",
    "pickup-services/recurring.yaml",
    "pickup-services/drop-off.yaml"
  ],
  "connect": "src/connect.js",
  "createShipment": "src/create-shipment.js",
  "rateShipment": "src/rate-shipment.js"
}
```
</CodeWrapper>

Commit message:

Final polish (#48)
* Remove all references to sandbox

* DX-433

* WIP

* WIP

* Geneneral cleanup, adding messages about changing id, name, code properties

src/pages/docs/reference/carrier.mdx, after:

---
title: Carrier Application Definition
description: The page describes how to define a carrier service.
---


Carrier Application Definition
===============================================
The Carrier Application Definition file pulls all the other definitions and implementations together to tell the [ShipEngine Connect](./../index.mdx) how your
carrier application is structured. This file can reside anywhere within your application as long as its location is specified
in the `main` property of your `package.json` file.
The definition may be specified in [JavaScript](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript), [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/), [JSON](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/JSON), or
[YAML](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/YAML).


> **WARNING:** Once you have published your app, you must not change the `id` or `name` of the app.

Carrier Application
----------------------------------------------
<Reference>

  <Field name="id" required={true}>
    <Type>
      [UUID](https://www.npmjs.com/package/uuid)
    </Type>
    <Description>
      A UUID that uniquely identifies the application for internal ShipEngine Connect purposes. This ID should never change.
    </Description>
  </Field>

  <Field name="name" type="string" required={true}>
    <Description>
      The user-friendly name for this Carrier application.
    </Description>
  </Field>

  <Field name="description" type="string" required={false}>
    <Description>
      A short, user-friendly description of this Carrier application.
    </Description>
  </Field>

  <Field name="websiteURL" type="string" required={true}>
    <Description>
      The URL of the carrier's website.
    </Description>
  </Field>

  <Field name="logo" type="string" required={true}>
    <Description>
      The file path to the Carrier's logo image.
    </Description>
  </Field>

  <Field name="icon" type="string" required={true}>
    <Description>
      The file path to the Carrier's icon image.
    </Description>
  </Field>

  <Field name="trackingURLTemplate" type="string" required={true}>
    <Description>
      Tracking URL format for the carrier. It must be a valid URL that contains curly braces (`{ }`) where the tracking number will be inserted. For example, `http://www.parcel-post.com/tracking/{}`.
    </Description>
  </Field>

  <Field name="connectionForm" required={true}>
    <Type>
      [Form](./forms.mdx)
    </Type>
    <Description>
      A form that allows the user to connect to the service. This form will usually prompt for an account number and login credentials.
    </Description>
  </Field>

  <Field name="settingsForm" required={true}>
    <Type>
      [Form](./forms.mdx)
    </Type>
    <Description>
      A form that allows the user update their connection settings, such as when a password is changed.
    </Description>
  </Field>

  <Field name="manifestLocations" type="string" required={false}>
    <Description>
      Indicates which locations are included in end-of-day manifests. This field is required if the
      [`createManifest`](./methods/create-manifest.mdx) method is implemented.
      Valid values include the following.
      * `all_locations` - The manifest includes all warehouse locations.
      * `single_location` - The manifest includes only the specified warehouse location.
    </Description>
  </Field>

  <Field name="manifestShipments" type="string" required={false}>
    <Description>
      Indicates which shipments are included in end-of-day manifests. This field is required if the
       [`createManifest`](./methods/create-manifest.mdx) method is implemented.
      Valid values include the following.
      * `all_shipments` - All shipments for the current date will be included in the manifest.
      * `explicit_shipments` - Only the explicitly selected shipments for the current date will be included in the manifest.
      * `exclude_shipments` - All shipments for the current date except for those explicitly excluded will be included in the manifest.
    </Description>
  </Field>

  <Field name="manifestType" type="string" required={false}>
    <Description>
      Indicates the type of manifesting supported by the carrier. Valid values include the following:
      * `Physical` - Use this value if the carrier supports physical manifests, even if some of the delivery services only support digital manifests.
      * `Digital` - Use this value if the carrier supports digital manifests, even if some of the delivery services only support phyiscal manifests.
    </Description>
  </Field>

  <Field name="deliveryServices" required={true}>
    <Type>
      object[] *or*  string[]
    </Type>
    <Description>
      The delivery services that are offered by the carrier. These services can be defined directly inline inside this file or you may specify the path to one or more [Delivery Service Definition](./delivery-service.mdx) files.
    </Description>
  </Field>

  <Field name="pickupServices" required={true}>
    <Type>
      object[] *or* string[]
    </Type>
    <Description>
      The pickup services that are offered for this carrier. These services can be defined directly inline insdie this file or you may specify the path to one or more [Pickup Service Definition](./pickup-service.mdx) files.
    </Description>
  </Field>

  <Field name="connect" required={false}>
    <Type>
      method *or* string
    </Type>
    <Description>
      A method that connects to an existing account using the data that was gathered in the
      [`connectionform`](./forms.mdx).
      Note that this function does not return a value but rather updates the
      [`transaction.session`](./transaction.mdx) property.
      You may define this method direcly inline inside of this file or you may specify the path to the file
      that exports your [`connect`](./methods/connect.mdx) method.
    </Description>
  </Field>

  <Field name="createShipment" required={false}>
    <Type>
      method *or* string
    </Type>
    <Description>
      A method that creates a new shipment. You may define this method direcly inline inside of this file or you may specify the path to the file that exports your [`createShipment`](./methods/create-shipment.mdx) method.
    </Description>
  </Field>

  <Field name="cancelShipments" required={false}>
    <Type>
      method *or* string
    </Type>
    <Description>
      A method that cancels one or more shipments. You may define this method direcly inline inside
      of this file or you may specify the path to the file that exports your [`cancelShipments`](./methods/cancel-shipments.mdx)
       method. This property is required for carrier's who allow shipments to be cancelled.
    </Description>
  </Field>

  <Field name="rateShipment" required={false}>
    <Type>
      method *or* string
    </Type>
    <Description>
      A method used to calculate shipping costs for a shipment, or multiple permutations of a shipment. You may define this method direcly inline inside of this file or you may specify the path to the file that exports your [`rateShipment`](./methods/rate-shipment.mdx) method.
    </Description>
  </Field>

  <Field name="trackShipment" required={false}>
    <Type>
      method *or* string
    </Type>
    <Description>
      A method used to get tracking details for a shipment. You may define this method direcly inline inside of this file or you may specify the path to the file that exports your [`trackShipment`](./methods/track-shipment.mdx) method.
    </Description>
  </Field>

  <Field name="createManifest" required={false}>
    <Type>
      method *or* string
    </Type>
    <Description>
      A method that creates an end-of-date manifest. You may define this method direcly inline inside of this file or you may specify the path to the file that exports your [`createManifest`](./methods/create-manifest.mdx) method.
    </Description>
  </Field>

  <Field name="schedulePickup" required={false}>
    <Type>
      method *or* string
    </Type>
    <Description>
      A method used to schedule a package pickup at a particular time and place. You may define this method direcly inline inside of this file or you may specify the path to the file that exports your [`schedulePickup`](./methods/schedule-pickup.mdx) method.
    </Description>
  </Field>

  <Field name="cancelPickups" required={false}>
    <Type>
      method *or* string
    </Type>
    <Description>
      A method used to cancel a previously scheduled package pickup. You may define this method direcly inline inside of this file or you may specify the path to the file that exports your [`cancelPickups`](./methods/cancel-pickups.mdx) method.
    </Description>
  </Field>

</Reference>


Examples
------------
<CodeWrapper>
```typescript
import { CarrierAppDefinition } from "@shipengine/connect";

const address:CarrierAppDefinition = {
  id: "8ea1989e-d504-433f-b031-b04d5d9ace94",
  name: "Cargo Incorporated",
  description: "Cargo Incorporated is the global leader in air cargo.",
  websiteURL: "https://cargo-inc.net",
  trackingURLTemplate: "https://cargo-inc.net/tracking/{}",
  logo: "./logo.svg",
  connectionForm: "src/connection-form.js",
  manifestType: "Digital",
  connect: "src/connect.ts",
  createShipment: "src/create-shipment.ts",
  rateShipment: "src/rate-shipment.ts",

  deliveryServices: [
    "delivery-services/economy-parcel.yaml",
    "delivery-services/ground-parcel.yaml",
    "delivery-services/overnight-parcel.yaml"
  ],
  pickupServices: [
    "pickup-services/one-time.yaml",
    "pickup-services/recurring.yaml",
    "pickup-services/drop-off.yaml"
  ]
}
```

```javascript
const address = {
  id: "8ea1989e-d504-433f-b031-b04d5d9ace94",
  name: "Cargo Incorporated",
  description: "Cargo Incorporated is the global leader in air cargo.",
  websiteURL: "https://cargo-inc.net",
  trackingURLTemplate: "https://cargo-inc.net/tracking/{}",
  logo: "./logo.svg",
  manifestType: "Digital",
  connectionForm: "src/connection-form.js",

  connect: "src/connect.js",
  createShipment: "src/create-shipment.js",
  rateShipment: "src/rate-shipment.js",

  deliveryServices: [
    "delivery-services/economy-parcel.yaml",
    "delivery-services/ground-parcel.yaml",
    "delivery-services/overnight-parcel.yaml"
  ],
  pickupServices: [
    "pickup-services/one-time.yaml",
    "pickup-services/recurring.yaml",
    "pickup-services/drop-off.yaml"
  ]
}
```

```yaml
id: 8ea1989e-d504-433f-b031-b04d5d9ace94

name: Cargo Incorporated

description:
  Cargo Incorporated is the global leader in air cargo.

websiteURL: https://cargo-inc.net

trackingURLTemplate: https://cargo-inc.net/tracking/{}

logo: ./logo.svg

manifestType: Digital

connectionForm: src/connection-form.js

connect: src/connect.js
createShipment: src/create-shipment.js
rateShipment: src/rate-shipment.js

deliveryServices:
  - delivery-services/economy-parcel.yaml
  - delivery-services/ground-parcel.yaml
  - delivery-services/overnight-parcel.yaml

pickupServices:
  - pickup-services/one-time.yaml
  - pickup-services/recurring.yaml
  - pickup-services/drop-off.yaml
```

```json
{
  "id": "8ea1989e-d504-433f-b031-b04d5d9ace94",
  "name": "Cargo Incorporated",
  "description": "Cargo Incorporated is the global leader in air cargo.",
  "websiteURL": "https://cargo-inc.net",
  "trackingURLTemplate": "https://cargo-inc.net/tracking/{}",
  "logo": "./logo.svg",
  "manifestType": "Digital",
  "connectionForm": "src/connection-form.js",
  "deliveryServices": [
    "delivery-services/economy-parcel.yaml",
    "delivery-services/ground-parcel.yaml",
    "delivery-services/overnight-parcel.yaml"
  ],
  "pickupServices": [
    "pickup-services/one-time.yaml",
    "pickup-services/recurring.yaml",
    "pickup-services/drop-off.yaml"
  ],
  "connect": "src/connect.js",
  "createShipment": "src/create-shipment.js",
  "rateShipment": "src/rate-shipment.js"
}
```
</CodeWrapper>
