src/pages/docs/reference/forms.mdx, before:

---
title: Forms
description: This page describes how to create a form and which fields are required.
---


Forms
===============================================
Forms are used to gather data from end users who interact with your application from within one of our e-commerce
solutions.

Your application must supply a form for gathering the information necessary to connect a user to your backend API or service.
When a user selects your service from within one of our applications, your form will be presented to collect the requested
information. The data collected from this form will then be passed
to your [`connect`](./methods/connect.mdx) method via the `connectionFormData` parameter where you can use it to authenticate the user.
You will need to provide the path to this form in the [Carrier Application definition](./carrier.mdx) file in the `connectionForm`
property.

Your application must also supply a settings form that allows an end-user to update their connection information, such
as when the password is changed. You will need to provide the path to this form in the Carrier Application definition file in
the `settingsForm` property. You can provide the same form for both the `connectionForm` and `settingsForm` if the properties
are consistent.

Both forms should be created using [React JSON Schema Forms](https://github.com/rjsf-team/react-jsonschema-form).
The following [site](https://rjsf-team.github.io/react-jsonschema-form/) can be used to test and create your own forms.
The `dataSchema` object will go in the `JSONSchema` editor and the `uiSchema` object will go in the `UISchema` editor.



Form Fields
-----------------------------------------------
<Reference>

  <Field name="dataSchema" required={true}>
    <Type>
      [JSONSchema](https://json-schema.org/)
    </Type>
    <Description>
      A JSON Schema that defines the data collected by the form, including its constraints. It is a single value that can be provided in multiple different ways.
        *  directly inline
        *  referenced via an external JSON/YAML file
        *  dynamically imported via `require()` or `import()`
    </Description>
  </Field>

  <Field name="uiSchema" required={true}>
    <Type>
      [uiSchema](https://react-jsonschema-form.readthedocs.io/en/latest/api-reference/uiSchema/)
    </Type>
    <Description>
      A UI schema that defines the appearance of the form. It is a single value that can be provided in multiple different ways.
        *  directly inline
        *  referenced via an external JSON/YAML file
        *  dynamically imported via `require()` or `import()`
    </Description>
  </Field>

</Reference>



Connection Form Examples
------------------
This example is a simple login form that collects the username and password for an account.
```json5
{
  "dataSchema": {
    "title": "Carriers \"R\" Us Login",
    "description": "Login with your Carriers \"R\" Us credentials",
    "type": "object",
    "required": [
      "userName",
      "password"
    ],
    "properties": {
      "userName": {
        "type": "string",
        "title": "User Name"
      },
      "password": {
        "type": "string",
        "title": "Password",
        "minLength": 3
      }
    }
  },
  "uiSchema": {
    "userName": {
      "ui:autofocus": true,
      "ui:emptyValue": "Email Address"
    },
    "password": {
      "ui:widget": "text",
      "ui:help": "Password for carrier account"
    }
  }
}
```

This is how the form will look when it is displayed. You can use our [local dev UI](./../local-dev-tooling/local-dev-ui.mdx) to
view your form in real-time as you create it too look and behave the way you would like.

![form-example](/img/forms/form-example.png)

Commit message:

Mandy dx 429 (#49)
* W.I.P.

* W.I.P.

* W.I.P.

* W.I.P.

* W.I.P.

* W.I.P.

* W.I.P.

* W.I.P.

* W.I.P.

* reswizzled

* Rework auth

Co-authored-by: Pierce Harmon <pierceh.dev@gmail.com>

src/pages/docs/reference/forms.mdx, after:

---
title: Forms
description: This page describes how to create a form and which fields are required.
---


Forms
===============================================
Forms are used to gather data from end users who interact with your application from within one of our e-commerce
solutions. All forms should be created using [React JSON Schema Forms](https://github.com/rjsf-team/react-jsonschema-form).

> **PRO TIP:** The following [site](https://rjsf-team.github.io/react-jsonschema-form/) can be used to test and create your own forms.
> The `dataSchema` object will go in the `JSONSchema` editor and the `uiSchema` object will go in the `UISchema` editor.

## Carrier Apps
[Carrier Apps](./carrier.mdx) must provide a `connectionForm` for gathering the information necessary to connect a user to your backend API or service.
When a user selects your service from within one of our applications, your form will be presented to collect the requested
information.

The data collected from this form will then be passed
to your [`connect`](./methods/connect.mdx) method via the `connectionFormData` parameter where you can use it to authenticate the user.
You will need to provide the path to this form in the [Carrier Application definition](./carrier.mdx) file in the `connectionForm`
property.

A Carrier Application must also supply a settings form that allows an end-user to update their connection information, such
as when the password is changed. You will need to provide the path to this form in the Carrier Application definition file in
the `settingsForm` property. You can provide the same form for both the `connectionForm` and `settingsForm` if the properties
are consistent.


## Order Apps
[Order Apps](./order.mdx) must provide a `connectionForm` as well, but it does not need to contain any fields.
You will need to provide the path to this form in the [Order Application definition](./order.mdx) file in the `connectionForm`
property.

When a user selects your service from within one of our applications, your form will be presented with a `Connect` button
at the bottom.
When the user clicks the `Connect` button, they will be redirected to the identity provider as defined in your [OAuth config definition](./../oauth/oauth-config.mdx) file.

Once the user is authenticated, the identity provider will send back an access token, which will be stored in the
`transaction.session.auth.accessToken` property of the [`transaction` object](./order-transaction.mdx) that is passed to your methods. You can then retrieve
the token and use it to make calls to your backend API.

Form Fields
-----------------------------------------------
<Reference>

  <Field name="dataSchema" required={true}>
    <Type>
      [JSONSchema](https://json-schema.org/)
    </Type>
    <Description>
      A JSON Schema that defines the data collected by the form, including its constraints. It is a single value that can be provided in multiple different ways.
        *  directly inline
        *  referenced via an external JSON/YAML file
        *  dynamically imported via `require()` or `import()`
    </Description>
  </Field>

  <Field name="uiSchema" required={true}>
    <Type>
      [uiSchema](https://react-jsonschema-form.readthedocs.io/en/latest/api-reference/uiSchema/)
    </Type>
    <Description>
      A UI schema that defines the appearance of the form. It is a single value that can be provided in multiple different ways.
        *  directly inline
        *  referenced via an external JSON/YAML file
        *  dynamically imported via `require()` or `import()`
    </Description>
  </Field>

</Reference>



Connection Form Examples
------------------
This example is a simple login form that collects the username and password for an account.
```json5
{
  "dataSchema": {
    "title": "Carriers \"R\" Us Login",
    "description": "Login with your Carriers \"R\" Us credentials",
    "type": "object",
    "required": [
      "userName",
      "password"
    ],
    "properties": {
      "userName": {
        "type": "string",
        "title": "User Name"
      },
      "password": {
        "type": "string",
        "title": "Password",
        "minLength": 3
      }
    }
  },
  "uiSchema": {
    "userName": {
      "ui:autofocus": true,
      "ui:emptyValue": "Email Address"
    },
    "password": {
      "ui:widget": "text",
      "ui:help": "Password for carrier account"
    }
  }
}
```

This is how the form will look when it is displayed. You can use our [local dev UI](./../local-dev-tooling/local-dev-ui.mdx) to
view your form in real-time as you create it too look and behave the way you would like.

![form-example](/img/forms/form-example.png)
