src/pages/docs/reference/order.mdx, before:

---
title: Order Application Definition
description: The page describes how to define an Order application.
---


Order Application Definition
===============================================
The Order Application Definition file tells the [ShipEngine Connect](./../index.mdx) where to find the resources that define
your application, such as methods and forms.


This file can reside anywhere within your application as long as its location is specified
in the `main` property of your `package.json` file.
The definition may be specified in [JavaScript](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript), [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/), [JSON](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/JSON), or
[YAML](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/YAML).



Order Application
----------------------------------------------
<Reference>

  <Field name="id" required={true}>
    <Type>
      [UUID](https://www.npmjs.com/package/uuid)
    </Type>
    <Description>
      A UUID that uniquely identifies the application for internal ShipEngine Connect purposes. This ID should never change.
    </Description>
  </Field>

  <Field name="name" type="string" required={true}>
    <Description>
      The user-friendly name for this Order application.
    </Description>
  </Field>

  <Field name="description" type="string" required={false}>
    <Description>
      A short, user-friendly description of this Order application.
    </Description>
  </Field>

  <Field name="websiteURL" type="string" required={true}>
    <Description>
      The URL of your company's website.
    </Description>
  </Field>

  <Field name="logo" type="string" required={true}>
    <Description>
      The file path to your company's logo image.
    </Description>
  </Field>

  <Field name="icon" type="string" required={true}>
    <Description>
      The file path to the Carrier's icon image.
    </Description>
  </Field>

  <Field name="sendMail" type="boolean" required={false}>
    <Description>
      Indicates whether or not emails should be sent to communicate shipping updates on behalf of the seller for orders imported through this Order App.
    </Description>
  </Field>

  <Field name="canConfigureTimeZone" type="boolean" required={false}>
    <Description>
      Indicates whether or not to display time zone related settings when this app is used within one of our e-commerce applications, such as ShipStation.
    </Description>
  </Field>

  <Field name="connectionForm" required={true}>
    <Type>
      [Form](./forms.mdx)
    </Type>
    <Description>
      A form that allows the user to connect to the service. This form will usually prompt for an account number and login credentials.
    </Description>
  </Field>

  <Field name="settingsForm" required={true} description="A form that allows the user to configure connection settings">
    <Type>
      [Form](./forms.mdx)
    </Type>
  </Field>

  <Field name="connect" required={false}>
    <Type>
      method *or* string
    </Type>
    <Description>
      A method that connects to an existing account using the data that was gathered in the
      [`connectionform`](./forms.mdx).
      Note that this function does not return a value but rather updates the
      [`transaction.session`](./transaction.mdx) property.
      You may define this method direcly inline inside of this file or you may specify the path to the file
      that exports your [`connect`](./methods/connect.mdx) method.
    </Description>
  </Field>

  <Field name="getSalesOrdersByDate" required={false}>
    <Type>
      method *or* string
    </Type>
    <Description>
      A method that returns all orders that were created and/or modified within a given time frame. You may define this method direcly inline inside of this file or you may specify the path to the file that exports your [`getSalesOrdersByDate`](./methods/get-sales-orders-by-date.mdx) method.
    </Description>
  </Field>

  <Field name="shipmentCreated" required={false}>
    <Type>
      method *or* string
    </Type>
    <Description>
      A method that's called when a shipment is created for one or more items in one or more sales orders. A single shipment may contain items from multiple sales orders, and a single sales order may be fulfilled by multiple shipments. You may define this method direcly inline inside of this file or you may specify the path to the file that exports your [`shipmentCreated`](./methods/shipment-created.mdx) method.
    </Description>
  </Field>

  <Field name="acknowledgeOrders" required={false}>
    <Type>
      method *or* string
    </Type>
    <Description>
      A method that's called when a shipment is cancelled for one or more items in one or more sales orders. A single shipment may contain items from multiple sales orders, and a single sales order may be fulfilled by multiple shipments. You may define this method direcly inline inside of this file or you may specify the path to the file that exports your [`shipmentCancelled`](./methods/shipment-cancelled.mdx) method.
    </Description>
  </Field>

</Reference>


Examples
------------
<CodeWrapper>
```typescript
import { OrderAppDefinition } from "@shipengine/connect";

const orderSource: OrderAppDefinition = {
  id: "5e386891-f693-4cdf-8b0c-82d7eb7542d0",
  name: "IBuy MarketPlace",
  description: "Welcome to iBuy, the international marketplace for all of your needs.",
  websiteURL: "https://www.iBuy.net",
  logo: "./../logo.svg",
  icon: "./../icon.svg",
  connectionForm: import("./forms/connect"),
  settingsForm: import("./forms/settings"),

  connect: import("./methods/connect"),
  getSalesOrdersByDate: import("./methods/get-sales-orders-by-date"),
  shipmentCreated: import("./methods/shipment-created"),
  acknowledgeOrders: import("./methods/acknowledge-orders"),
  sendMail: false,
  canConfigureTimeZone, false
}

export default orderSource;
```

```javascript
const orderSource = {
  id: "5e386891-f693-4cdf-8b0c-82d7eb7542d0",
  name: "IBuy MarketPlace",
  description: "Welcome to iBuy, the international marketplace for all of your needs.",
  websiteURL: "https://www.iBuy.net",
  logo: "./../logo.svg",
  icon: "./../icon.svg",
  connectionForm: "./forms/connect.js",
  settingsForm: "./forms/settings.js",

  connect: "./methods/connect.js",
  getSalesOrdersByDate: "./methods/get-sales-orders-by-date.js",
  shipmentCreated: "./methods/shipment-created.js",
  acknowledgeOrders: "./methods/acknowledge-orders.js",
  sendMail: false,
  canConfigureTimeZone: false
}

module.exports = orderSource;
```

```yaml
id: 5e386891-f693-4cdf-8b0c-82d7eb7542d0

name: IBuy MarketPlace

description:  Welcome to iBuy, the international marketplace for all of your needs.

websiteURL: https://www.ibuy.net

logo: ./../logo.svg

icon: ./../icon.svg

connectionForm: forms/connection-form.js
settingsForm: forms/settings-form.js

connect: methods/connect.js
getSalesOrdersByDate: methods/get-sales-orders-by-date.js
shipmentCreated: methods/shipment-created.js
acknowledgeOrders: /methods/acknowledge-orders.js

sendMail: false
canConfigureTimeZone: false
```
</CodeWrapper>

Commit message:

Final polish (#48)
* Remove all references to sandbox

* DX-433

* WIP

* WIP

* Geneneral cleanup, adding messages about changing id, name, code properties

src/pages/docs/reference/order.mdx, after:

---
title: Order Application Definition
description: The page describes how to define an Order application.
---


Order Application Definition
===============================================
The Order Application Definition file tells the [ShipEngine Connect](./../index.mdx) where to find the resources that define
your application, such as methods and forms.


This file can reside anywhere within your application as long as its location is specified
in the `main` property of your `package.json` file.
The definition may be specified in [JavaScript](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript), [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/), [JSON](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/JSON), or
[YAML](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/YAML).

> **WARNING:** Once you have published your app, you must not change the `id` or `name` of the app.

Order Application
----------------------------------------------
<Reference>

  <Field name="id" required={true}>
    <Type>
      [UUID](https://www.npmjs.com/package/uuid)
    </Type>
    <Description>
      A UUID that uniquely identifies the application for internal ShipEngine Connect purposes. This ID should never change.
    </Description>
  </Field>

  <Field name="name" type="string" required={true}>
    <Description>
      The user-friendly name for this Order application.
    </Description>
  </Field>

  <Field name="description" type="string" required={false}>
    <Description>
      A short, user-friendly description of this Order application.
    </Description>
  </Field>

  <Field name="websiteURL" type="string" required={true}>
    <Description>
      The URL of your company's website.
    </Description>
  </Field>

  <Field name="logo" type="string" required={true}>
    <Description>
      The file path to your company's logo image.
    </Description>
  </Field>

  <Field name="icon" type="string" required={true}>
    <Description>
      The file path to the Carrier's icon image.
    </Description>
  </Field>

  <Field name="sendMail" type="boolean" required={false}>
    <Description>
      Indicates whether or not emails should be sent to communicate shipping updates on behalf of the seller for orders imported through this Order App.
    </Description>
  </Field>

  <Field name="canConfigureTimeZone" type="boolean" required={false}>
    <Description>
      Indicates whether or not to display time zone related settings when this app is used within one of our e-commerce applications, such as ShipStation.
    </Description>
  </Field>

  <Field name="connectionForm" required={true}>
    <Type>
      [Form](./forms.mdx)
    </Type>
    <Description>
      A form that allows the user to connect to the service. This form will usually prompt for an account number and login credentials.
    </Description>
  </Field>

  <Field name="settingsForm" required={true} description="A form that allows the user to configure connection settings">
    <Type>
      [Form](./forms.mdx)
    </Type>
  </Field>

  <Field name="connect" required={false}>
    <Type>
      method *or* string
    </Type>
    <Description>
      A method that connects to an existing account using the data that was gathered in the
      [`connectionform`](./forms.mdx).
      Note that this function does not return a value but rather updates the
      [`transaction.session`](./transaction.mdx) property.
      You may define this method direcly inline inside of this file or you may specify the path to the file
      that exports your [`connect`](./methods/connect.mdx) method.
    </Description>
  </Field>

  <Field name="getSalesOrdersByDate" required={false}>
    <Type>
      method *or* string
    </Type>
    <Description>
      A method that returns all orders that were created and/or modified within a given time frame. You may define this method direcly inline inside of this file or you may specify the path to the file that exports your [`getSalesOrdersByDate`](./methods/get-sales-orders-by-date.mdx) method.
    </Description>
  </Field>

  <Field name="shipmentCreated" required={false}>
    <Type>
      method *or* string
    </Type>
    <Description>
      A method that's called when a shipment is created for one or more items in one or more sales orders. A single shipment may contain items from multiple sales orders, and a single sales order may be fulfilled by multiple shipments. You may define this method direcly inline inside of this file or you may specify the path to the file that exports your [`shipmentCreated`](./methods/shipment-created.mdx) method.
    </Description>
  </Field>

  <Field name="acknowledgeOrders" required={false}>
    <Type>
      method *or* string
    </Type>
    <Description>
      A method that's called when a shipment is cancelled for one or more items in one or more sales orders. A single shipment may contain items from multiple sales orders, and a single sales order may be fulfilled by multiple shipments. You may define this method direcly inline inside of this file or you may specify the path to the file that exports your [`shipmentCancelled`](./methods/shipment-cancelled.mdx) method.
    </Description>
  </Field>

</Reference>


Examples
------------
<CodeWrapper>
```typescript
import { OrderAppDefinition } from "@shipengine/connect";

const orderSource: OrderAppDefinition = {
  id: "5e386891-f693-4cdf-8b0c-82d7eb7542d0",
  name: "IBuy MarketPlace",
  description: "Welcome to iBuy, the international marketplace for all of your needs.",
  websiteURL: "https://www.iBuy.net",
  logo: "./../logo.svg",
  icon: "./../icon.svg",
  connectionForm: import("./forms/connect"),
  settingsForm: import("./forms/settings"),

  connect: import("./methods/connect"),
  getSalesOrdersByDate: import("./methods/get-sales-orders-by-date"),
  shipmentCreated: import("./methods/shipment-created"),
  acknowledgeOrders: import("./methods/acknowledge-orders"),
  sendMail: false,
  canConfigureTimeZone, false
}

export default orderSource;
```

```javascript
const orderSource = {
  id: "5e386891-f693-4cdf-8b0c-82d7eb7542d0",
  name: "IBuy MarketPlace",
  description: "Welcome to iBuy, the international marketplace for all of your needs.",
  websiteURL: "https://www.iBuy.net",
  logo: "./../logo.svg",
  icon: "./../icon.svg",
  connectionForm: "./forms/connect.js",
  settingsForm: "./forms/settings.js",

  connect: "./methods/connect.js",
  getSalesOrdersByDate: "./methods/get-sales-orders-by-date.js",
  shipmentCreated: "./methods/shipment-created.js",
  acknowledgeOrders: "./methods/acknowledge-orders.js",
  sendMail: false,
  canConfigureTimeZone: false
}

module.exports = orderSource;
```

```yaml
id: 5e386891-f693-4cdf-8b0c-82d7eb7542d0

name: IBuy MarketPlace

description:  Welcome to iBuy, the international marketplace for all of your needs.

websiteURL: https://www.ibuy.net

logo: ./../logo.svg

icon: ./../icon.svg

connectionForm: forms/connection-form.js
settingsForm: forms/settings-form.js

connect: methods/connect.js
getSalesOrdersByDate: methods/get-sales-orders-by-date.js
shipmentCreated: methods/shipment-created.js
acknowledgeOrders: /methods/acknowledge-orders.js

sendMail: false
canConfigureTimeZone: false
```
</CodeWrapper>
