src/pages/docs/reference/packaging.mdx, before:

---
title: Packaging Definition
description: The page describes how to define a type of packaging.
---


Packaging Definition
===============================================
Carrier packaging options are defined inside files that are then used by the [ShipEngine Connect](./../index.mdx) to offer these
packaging options to users who utilize the carrier within one of our e-commerce applications. Each packaging type that you wish to offer
should have its own definition file. These files can reside anywhere within your application as long as their locations are specified in the [Carrier Application Definition](./carrier.mdx) file.
 The definition may be specified in [JavaScript](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript), [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/), [JSON](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/JSON), or
  [YAML](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/YAML).


Packaging Properties
----------------------------------------------
<Reference>

  <Field name="id" required={true}>
    <Type>
      UUID
    </Type>
    <Description>
      UUID that uniquely identifies the packaging. This ID should never change.
    </Description>
  </Field>

  <Field name="identifiers" type="object" required={false}>
    <Description>
      Your own identifiers for this packaging option.
    </Description>
  </Field>

  <Field name="code" type="string" required={false}>
    <Description>
      Optional code used to map to what the carrier identify the packaging.
    </Description>
  </Field>

  <Field name="name" type="string" required={true}>
    <Description>
      The user-friendly name for this packaging (e.g. "Flat-Rate Box", "Large Padded Envelope").
    </Description>
  </Field>

  <Field name="description" type="string" required={false}>
    <Description>
      A short, user-friendly description of the packaging.
    </Description>
  </Field>

  <Field name="requiresWeight" type="boolean" required={false}>
    <Description>
      Indicates whether the weight must be specified when using this packaging.
    </Description>
  </Field>

  <Field name="requiresDimensions" type="boolean" required={false}>
    <Description>
      Indicates whether the dimensions must be specified when using this packaging.
    </Description>
  </Field>

</Reference>



Examples
-----------------------------------------------

<CodeWrapper>
```yaml
id: 03318192-3e6c-475f-a496-a4f17c1dbcae
identifiers:
  apiCode: PAK
name: Package
description: Your own packaging, up to 100 kilograms
requiresWeight: true
requiresDimensions: true
```

```javascript
{
  id: "03318192-3e6c-475f-a496-a4f17c1dbcae",
  identifiers: {
    apiCode: "PAK"
  },
  code: "PAK",
  name: "Package",
  description: "Your own packaging, up to 100 kilograms",
  requiresWeight: true,
  requiresDimensions: true
}

```

```json
{
  "id": "03318192-3e6c-475f-a496-a4f17c1dbcae",
  "code": "PAK",
  "name": "Package",
  "description": "Your own packaging, up to 100 kilograms",
  "requiresWeight": true,
  "requiresDimensions": true
}
```

```typescript
import { PackagingDefinition } from "@shipengine/connect";

const packagePackaging: PackagingDefinition = {
  id: "03318192-3e6c-475f-a496-a4f17c1dbcae",
  code: "PAK",
  name: "Package",
  description:
    "Your own packaging, up to 100 kilograms",
  requiresWeight: true,
  requiresDimensions: true
};

export default packagePackaging;

```
</CodeWrapper>

Commit message:

Final polish (#48)
* Remove all references to sandbox

* DX-433

* WIP

* WIP

* Geneneral cleanup, adding messages about changing id, name, code properties

src/pages/docs/reference/packaging.mdx, after:

---
title: Packaging Definition
description: The page describes how to define a type of packaging.
---


Packaging Definition
===============================================
Carrier packaging options are defined inside files that are then used by the [ShipEngine Connect](./../index.mdx) to offer these
packaging options to users who utilize the carrier within one of our e-commerce applications. Each packaging type that you wish to offer
should have its own definition file. These files can reside anywhere within your application as long as their locations are specified in the [Carrier Application Definition](./carrier.mdx) file.
 The definition may be specified in [JavaScript](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript), [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/), [JSON](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/JSON), or
  [YAML](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/YAML).

> **WARNING:** Once you have published your app, you must not change the `id`, `name` or `code` for any of your definitions.

Packaging Properties
----------------------------------------------
<Reference>

  <Field name="id" required={true}>
    <Type>
      UUID
    </Type>
    <Description>
      UUID that uniquely identifies the packaging. This ID should never change.
    </Description>
  </Field>

  <Field name="identifiers" type="object" required={false}>
    <Description>
      Your own identifiers for this packaging option.
    </Description>
  </Field>

  <Field name="code" type="string" required={false}>
    <Description>
      Optional code used to map to what the carrier identify the packaging.
    </Description>
  </Field>

  <Field name="name" type="string" required={true}>
    <Description>
      The user-friendly name for this packaging (e.g. "Flat-Rate Box", "Large Padded Envelope").
    </Description>
  </Field>

  <Field name="description" type="string" required={false}>
    <Description>
      A short, user-friendly description of the packaging.
    </Description>
  </Field>

  <Field name="requiresWeight" type="boolean" required={false}>
    <Description>
      Indicates whether the weight must be specified when using this packaging.
    </Description>
  </Field>

  <Field name="requiresDimensions" type="boolean" required={false}>
    <Description>
      Indicates whether the dimensions must be specified when using this packaging.
    </Description>
  </Field>

</Reference>



Examples
-----------------------------------------------

<CodeWrapper>
```yaml
id: 03318192-3e6c-475f-a496-a4f17c1dbcae
identifiers:
  apiCode: PAK
name: Package
description: Your own packaging, up to 100 kilograms
requiresWeight: true
requiresDimensions: true
```

```javascript
{
  id: "03318192-3e6c-475f-a496-a4f17c1dbcae",
  identifiers: {
    apiCode: "PAK"
  },
  code: "PAK",
  name: "Package",
  description: "Your own packaging, up to 100 kilograms",
  requiresWeight: true,
  requiresDimensions: true
}

```

```json
{
  "id": "03318192-3e6c-475f-a496-a4f17c1dbcae",
  "code": "PAK",
  "name": "Package",
  "description": "Your own packaging, up to 100 kilograms",
  "requiresWeight": true,
  "requiresDimensions": true
}
```

```typescript
import { PackagingDefinition } from "@shipengine/connect";

const packagePackaging: PackagingDefinition = {
  id: "03318192-3e6c-475f-a496-a4f17c1dbcae",
  code: "PAK",
  name: "Package",
  description:
    "Your own packaging, up to 100 kilograms",
  requiresWeight: true,
  requiresDimensions: true
};

export default packagePackaging;

```
</CodeWrapper>
