src/pages/docs/reference/pickup-service.mdx, before:

---
title: Pickup Service Definition
description: The page describes how to define a pickup service.
---


Pickup Service Definition
===============================================
A Pickup Service allows the sender to request that one or more packages be picked up at a specified time and location. Each pickup service that is offered must be defined
in its own pickup service definition file. This file can reside anywhere within your application as long as its location is specified in the [Carrier Application Definition](./carrier.mdx) file.
 The definition may be specified in [JavaScript](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript), [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/), [JSON](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/JSON), or
  [YAML](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/YAML).

These pickup service definitions will be used by the [ShipEngine Connect](./../index.mdx) to display pickup service options within our suite of e-commerce applications when your carrier is used.



Pickup Service Properties
----------------------------------------------
<Reference>

  <Field name="id" required={true}>
    <Type>
      UUID
    </Type>
    <Description>
      UUID that uniquely identifies the pickup service. This ID should never change.
    </Description>
  </Field>

  <Field name="identifiers" type="object" required={false}>
    <Description>
      Your own identifiers for this pickup service.
    </Description>
  </Field>

  <Field name="code" type="string" required={false}>
    <Description>
      Optional code used to map to what the carrier or uses to identify the pickup service.
    </Description>
  </Field>

  <Field name="name" type="string" required={true}>
    <Description>
      The user-friendly service name (e.g. "One-Time Pickup", "Recurring Pickup", "Drop-Off").
    </Description>
  </Field>

  <Field name="description" type="string" required={false}>
    <Description>
      A short, user-friendly description of the service.
    </Description>
  </Field>
</Reference>



Examples
-----------------------------------------------

<CodeWrapper>
```typescript
import { PickupServiceConfig } from "@shipengine/connect";

const pickupService:PickupServiceConfig = {
  id: "27483200-72b4-11ea-bc55-0242ac130003",
  identifiers: {
        apiCode: "DO"
  }
  code: "DO",
  name: "Drop Off",
  description: "Drop-off your parcel at any Parcel Post™ kiosk or locker"
}
```

```javascript
const pickupService = {
  id: "27483200-72b4-11ea-bc55-0242ac130003",
  identifiers: {
        apiCode: "DO"
  },
  code: "DO",
  name: "Drop Off",
  description: "Drop-off your parcel at any Parcel Post™ kiosk or locker"
}
```

```json
{
  "id": "27483200-72b4-11ea-bc55-0242ac130003",
  "identifiers": {
        "apiCode": "DO"
  },
  "code": "DO",
  "name": "Drop Off",
  "description": "Drop-off your parcel at any Parcel Post™ kiosk or locker"
}
```

```yaml
id: 27483200-72b4-11ea-bc55-0242ac130003
identifiers: {
  apiCode: DO
}
code: DO
name: Drop Off
description: Drop-off your parcel at any Parcel Post™ kiosk or locker
```
</CodeWrapper>

Commit message:

Final polish (#48)
* Remove all references to sandbox

* DX-433

* WIP

* WIP

* Geneneral cleanup, adding messages about changing id, name, code properties

src/pages/docs/reference/pickup-service.mdx, after:

---
title: Pickup Service Definition
description: The page describes how to define a pickup service.
---


Pickup Service Definition
===============================================
A Pickup Service allows the sender to request that one or more packages be picked up at a specified time and location. Each pickup service that is offered must be defined
in its own pickup service definition file. This file can reside anywhere within your application as long as its location is specified in the [Carrier Application Definition](./carrier.mdx) file.
 The definition may be specified in [JavaScript](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript), [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/), [JSON](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/JSON), or
  [YAML](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/YAML).

These pickup service definitions will be used by the [ShipEngine Connect](./../index.mdx) to display pickup service options within our suite of e-commerce applications when your carrier is used.

> **WARNING:** Once you have published your app, you must not change the `id`, `name` or `code` for any of your definitions.

Pickup Service Properties
----------------------------------------------
<Reference>

  <Field name="id" required={true}>
    <Type>
      UUID
    </Type>
    <Description>
      UUID that uniquely identifies the pickup service. This ID should never change.
    </Description>
  </Field>

  <Field name="identifiers" type="object" required={false}>
    <Description>
      Your own identifiers for this pickup service.
    </Description>
  </Field>

  <Field name="code" type="string" required={false}>
    <Description>
      Optional code used to map to what the carrier or uses to identify the pickup service.
    </Description>
  </Field>

  <Field name="name" type="string" required={true}>
    <Description>
      The user-friendly service name (e.g. "One-Time Pickup", "Recurring Pickup", "Drop-Off").
    </Description>
  </Field>

  <Field name="description" type="string" required={false}>
    <Description>
      A short, user-friendly description of the service.
    </Description>
  </Field>
</Reference>



Examples
-----------------------------------------------

<CodeWrapper>
```typescript
import { PickupServiceConfig } from "@shipengine/connect";

const pickupService:PickupServiceConfig = {
  id: "27483200-72b4-11ea-bc55-0242ac130003",
  identifiers: {
        apiCode: "DO"
  }
  code: "DO",
  name: "Drop Off",
  description: "Drop-off your parcel at any Parcel Post™ kiosk or locker"
}
```

```javascript
const pickupService = {
  id: "27483200-72b4-11ea-bc55-0242ac130003",
  identifiers: {
        apiCode: "DO"
  },
  code: "DO",
  name: "Drop Off",
  description: "Drop-off your parcel at any Parcel Post™ kiosk or locker"
}
```

```json
{
  "id": "27483200-72b4-11ea-bc55-0242ac130003",
  "identifiers": {
        "apiCode": "DO"
  },
  "code": "DO",
  "name": "Drop Off",
  "description": "Drop-off your parcel at any Parcel Post™ kiosk or locker"
}
```

```yaml
id: 27483200-72b4-11ea-bc55-0242ac130003
identifiers: {
  apiCode: DO
}
code: DO
name: Drop Off
description: Drop-off your parcel at any Parcel Post™ kiosk or locker
```
</CodeWrapper>
