src/pages/docs/reference/transaction.mdx, before:

---
title: Transaction object
description: The transaction object provides important information about a method invocation. It also allows you to pass session state between methods, which is especially important for authentication credentials.
---

Transaction Object
===============================================
Every method in a [ShipEngine Connect](./../index.mdx) application receives a transaction object as the first parameter. This object contains useful information about the method invocation, such as a unique `transactionID`,
whether the call is a test (aka [sandbox](./../sandbox.mdx)) call, and session state such as authentication credentials.



Properties
-----------------------------------------------

<Reference>

  <Field name="id" required={true}>
    <Type>
      UUID
    </Type>
    <Description>
      Uniquely identifies the current transaction. If the transaction is retried, then this `id` will remain the same. You can use this to detect and prevent duplicate operations.
    </Description>
  </Field>

  <Field name="useSandbox" type="boolean" required={false}>
    <Description>
      Indicates whether the operation should use the carrier's [sandbox](./../sandbox.mdx) or development API rather than the normal production API. If `useSandbox` is `true`, then the operation MUST NOT incur any actual costs or affect production data.
    </Description>
  </Field>

  <Field name="session" type="object" required={true}>
    <Description>
      The application's session data. Any method may update the session data, such as renewing a session token or updating a timestamp. Must be JSON serializable.
    </Description>
  </Field>

</Reference>



Example
-------------------------------------------------

Here's an example transaction object:

<CodeWrapper>
```javascript
{
  id: "6ad41b24-62a8-4e17-9751-a28d9688e277",
  useSandbox: false,
  session: {
    id: "sess_184849191484716854941017",
    accountNumber: "10004583",
    expires: "2025-07-16T12:45:15.000Z",
    lang: "en-US",
  }
}
```

```yaml
id: 6ad41b24-62a8-4e17-9751-a28d9688e277
useSandbox: false,
session:
  id: sess_184849191484716854941017
  accountNumber: 10004583
  expires: 2025-07-16T12:45:15.000Z
  lang: en-US
```
</CodeWrapper>

Commit message:

Wednesday 9.16 (#42)
* Cleaned up object references

* Saving

* DX-394

src/pages/docs/reference/transaction.mdx, after:

---
title: Transaction object
description: The transaction object provides important information about a method invocation. It also allows you to pass session state between methods, which is especially important for authentication credentials.
---

Transaction Object
===============================================
Every method in a [ShipEngine Connect](./../index.mdx) application receives a transaction object as the first parameter. This object contains useful information about the method invocation, such as a unique `transactionID`,
whether the call is a test (aka [sandbox](./../sandbox.mdx)) call, and session state such as authentication credentials.

Any of your methods may modify the `session` property of a transaction object. For example, your [`connect method`](./methods/connect.mdx)
can set authentication information in the `session` property so that when the transaction object is passed to other methods, they can access it and use
it when calling the backend API or service. Likewise, if a method finds the authentication information to be invalid or
expired, they may update the `session` property with a new value so that subsequent method calls have valid authentication
information available.



Properties
-----------------------------------------------
This table lists the properties of a transaction object and identifies those properties that are required. The `nullable`
column indicates which properties may be null when the object is provided as an argument to one of your methods, and the `required`
column indicates which properties are required when the object is returned from one of your methods

<Reference>

  <Field name="id" required={true}>
    <Type>
      UUID
    </Type>
    <Description>
      Uniquely identifies the current transaction. If the transaction is retried, then this `id` will remain the same. You can use this to detect and prevent duplicate operations.
    </Description>
  </Field>

  <Field name="useSandbox" type="boolean" required={false}>
    <Description>
      Indicates whether the operation should use the carrier's [sandbox](./../sandbox.mdx) or development API rather than the normal production API. If `useSandbox` is `true`, then the operation MUST NOT incur any actual costs or affect production data.
    </Description>
  </Field>

  <Field name="session" type="object" required={true}>
    <Description>
      The application's session data. Any method may update the session data, such as renewing a session token or updating a timestamp. Must be JSON serializable.
    </Description>
  </Field>

</Reference>



Example
-------------------------------------------------

Here's an example transaction object:

<CodeWrapper>
```javascript
{
  id: "6ad41b24-62a8-4e17-9751-a28d9688e277",
  useSandbox: false,
  session: {
    id: "sess_184849191484716854941017",
    accountNumber: "10004583",
    expires: "2025-07-16T12:45:15.000Z",
    lang: "en-US",
  }
}
```

```yaml
id: 6ad41b24-62a8-4e17-9751-a28d9688e277
useSandbox: false,
session:
  id: sess_184849191484716854941017
  accountNumber: 10004583
  expires: 2025-07-16T12:45:15.000Z
  lang: en-US
```
</CodeWrapper>
