src/pages/index.mdx, before:

---
title: ShipEngine Connect
description: Integrate your carrier or marketplace with our world class e-commerce solutions and gain immediate access to a global user base
tags:
  - ShipEngine integration
  - ShipStation integration
  - ShippingEasy integration
  - ShipWorks integration
  - Partner with ShipEngine
  - Partner with ShipStation
  - Partner with ShippingEasy
  - Partner with ShipWorks
  - ShipEngine partnership
  - ShipStation partnership
  - ShippingEasy partnership
  - ShipWorks partnership
---

import styles from "./index.module.scss";


ShipEngine Connect
======================================
ShipEngine Connect powers the world's leading e-commerce solutions, including [ShipStation](https://www.shipstation.com/), [ShipEngine](https://www.shipengine.com), [ShippingEasy](https://shippingeasy.com/), and [ShipWorks](https://www.shipworks.com/). ShipEngine Connect enables developers to integrate with all of these brands at once.

Whether you are a shipping carrier, an online marketplace, or another service provider,
ShipEngine Connect makes it easy for you to make your services available within each of our
world-class e-commerce solutions and gain immediate access to a worldwide user base eager to take advantage of your services.

<p className={styles.logos}>
  <img src="/img/logos/auctane.svg" alt="ShipStation ShipEngine ShippingEasy ShipWorks"/>
</p>


App Development Process
--------------------------------

<div className={styles.devProcess}>

  1. Use our [command-line tooling](docs/v2/cli.mdx) to automatically generate the scaffolding for your application.

  2. [Implement your app](docs/v2/create-first-app.mdx) using the tools you already know and love, like [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/), [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/), and [JavaScript](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript) or [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/).

  3. [Test](docs/v2/testing/index.mdx) your application locally using our CLI, and even debug it using your favorite JavaScript debugger, such as [VSCode](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/nodejs/nodejs-debugging), [WebStorm](https://blog.jetbrains.com/webstorm/2017/09/debugging-node-js-apps-in-webstorm/), or [Chrome DevTools](https://medium.com/@paul_irish/debugging-node-js-nightlies-with-chrome-devtools-7c4a1b95ae27).

  4. [Publish](docs/v2/publish.mdx) your app to ShipEngine Connect, and you will have immediate access to an entire ecosystem of e-commerce customers.
    Meanwhile, we will take care of hosting, scaling, and providing high-availability access to your integration application.

</div>


Types of Applications
---------------------------------
ShipEngine Connect supports [carrier apps](docs/v2/app-definition/carrier.mdx) and [order apps](docs/v2/app-definition/order-source.mdx), with plans to offer other types of applications in the near future.

### Carrier App
If you are a company that provides shipping services, referred to as a "shipping carrier", you can build a [Carrier Application](docs/v2/app-definition/carrier.mdx) to make your shipping services available within any of the suite of e-commerce applications mentioned above. This allows your carrier to be listed as a shipping option any time an order is placed and processed.
[Carrier API Reference](https://shipstation.github.io/integrations-shipping/carrierapi-redoc.html).

### Order App
A company that provides order management, such as an online marketplace, can build an [Order Application](docs/v2/app-definition/order-source.mdx) to allow your sellers to import, manage and fulfill their orders using any of the products in the suite of e-commerce applications mentioned above.


<Pager next="docs/v2/getting-started.mdx" nextTitle="Getting Started" />

Commit message:

Remove V1 Docs
Since we split the V1 documentation site into its own thing we can move everything out of a V1/V2 folder structure, and remove the V2 stuff. I also added a link to the V1 docs on the home page.

src/pages/index.mdx, after:

---
title: ShipEngine Connect
description: Integrate your carrier or marketplace with our world class e-commerce solutions and gain immediate access to a global user base
tags:
  - ShipEngine integration
  - ShipStation integration
  - ShippingEasy integration
  - ShipWorks integration
  - Partner with ShipEngine
  - Partner with ShipStation
  - Partner with ShippingEasy
  - Partner with ShipWorks
  - ShipEngine partnership
  - ShipStation partnership
  - ShippingEasy partnership
  - ShipWorks partnership
---

import styles from "./index.module.scss";


ShipEngine Connect
======================================
ShipEngine Connect powers the world's leading e-commerce solutions, including [ShipStation](https://www.shipstation.com/), [ShipEngine](https://www.shipengine.com), [ShippingEasy](https://shippingeasy.com/), and [ShipWorks](https://www.shipworks.com/). ShipEngine Connect enables developers to integrate with all of these brands at once.

Whether you are a shipping carrier, an online marketplace, or another service provider,
ShipEngine Connect makes it easy for you to make your services available within each of our
world-class e-commerce solutions and gain immediate access to a worldwide user base eager to take advantage of your services.

> **V1:** The documentation for the version one ShipEngine Connect App can be found [here](https://connect-v1.shipengine.com/).

<p className={styles.logos}>
  <img src="/img/logos/auctane.svg" alt="ShipStation ShipEngine ShippingEasy ShipWorks"/>
</p>


App Development Process
--------------------------------

<div className={styles.devProcess}>

  1. Use our [command-line tooling](docs/cli.mdx) to automatically generate the scaffolding for your application.

  2. [Implement your app](docs/create-first-app.mdx) using the tools you already know and love, like [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/), [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/), and [JavaScript](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript) or [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/).

  3. [Test](docs/testing/index.mdx) your application locally using our CLI, and even debug it using your favorite JavaScript debugger, such as [VSCode](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/nodejs/nodejs-debugging), [WebStorm](https://blog.jetbrains.com/webstorm/2017/09/debugging-node-js-apps-in-webstorm/), or [Chrome DevTools](https://medium.com/@paul_irish/debugging-node-js-nightlies-with-chrome-devtools-7c4a1b95ae27).

  4. [Publish](docs/publish.mdx) your app to ShipEngine Connect, and you will have immediate access to an entire ecosystem of e-commerce customers.
    Meanwhile, we will take care of hosting, scaling, and providing high-availability access to your integration application.

</div>


Types of Applications
---------------------------------
ShipEngine Connect supports [carrier apps](docs/app-definition/carrier.mdx) and [order apps](docs/app-definition/order-source.mdx), with plans to offer other types of applications in the near future.

### Carrier App
If you are a company that provides shipping services, referred to as a "shipping carrier", you can build a [Carrier Application](docs/app-definition/carrier.mdx) to make your shipping services available within any of the suite of e-commerce applications mentioned above. This allows your carrier to be listed as a shipping option any time an order is placed and processed.
[Carrier API Reference](https://shipstation.github.io/integrations-shipping/carrierapi-redoc.html).

### Order App
A company that provides order management, such as an online marketplace, can build an [Order Application](docs/app-definition/order-source.mdx) to allow your sellers to import, manage and fulfill their orders using any of the products in the suite of e-commerce applications mentioned above.


<Pager next="docs/getting-started.mdx" nextTitle="Getting Started" />
