src/pages/docs/carrier-app/tests/index.mdx, before:

---
title: Carrier App Tests
description: The ShipEngine connect test suite includes comprehensive test coverage for your carrier app
---


Carrier App Tests
==========================================
The following automated tests are available for the [Carrier App](../../reference/carrier.mdx).

> **TIP:** Click on a test name to view the details for the test.


`createShipment()` Method
------------------------------------
The following tests exercise the [`createShipment()` method](../../reference/methods/create-shipment.mdx).
They may also call the [`connect() method`](../../reference/methods/connect.mdx) if you do not provide
a `session` object in your [`connect.config.js` file](./../../testing/config.mdx).

| Test Name | Description
|-----------|------------------------------------------
|[`createShipment_domestic`](./create-shipment/create-shipment-domestic.mdx) | Creates a domestic shipment.
|[`createShipment_international`](./create-shipment/create-shipment-international.mdx) | Creates an international shipment.
|[`createShipment_with_insurance`](./create-shipment/create-shipment-with-insurance.mdx) | Creates a domestic shipment with insurance.
|[`createShipment_multi_package`](./create-shipment/create-shipment-multi-package.mdx) | Creates a domestic shipment with multiple packages.
|[`createShipment_return`](./create-shipment/create-shipment-return.mdx) | Creates a return shipment.



`cancelShipments` Method
------------------------------------
The following tests exercise the [`cancelShipments()` method](../../reference/methods/cancel-shipments.mdx). They will
also utilize the [`createShipment()` method](../../reference/methods/create-shipment.mdx) to create the shipment(s) that will
be cancelled in the test. They may also call the [`connect()` method](../../reference/methods/connect.mdx) if you do not provide
 a `session` object in your [`connect.config.js` file](./../../testing/config.mdx).

| Test Name | Description
|-----------|------------------------------------------
| [`cancelShipment`](./cancel-shipment/cancel-shipment.mdx) | Creates a shipment and cancels it.



`trackShipments()` Method
------------------------------------
The following tests exercise the [`trackShipment()` method](../../reference/methods/track-shipment.mdx). They will
also utilize the [`createShipment()` method](../../reference/methods/create-shipment.mdx) to create the shipment(s) that will
be tracked in the test. They may also call the [`connect()` method](../../reference/methods/connect.mdx) if you do not provide
a `session` object in your [`connect.config.js` file](./../../testing/config.mdx).

| Test Name | Description
|-----------|------------------------------------------
| [`trackShipment`](./track-shipment/track-shipment.mdx) | Creates a shipment and tracks it.
| [`trackShipment_return`](./track-shipment/track-shipment-return.mdx) | Creates a return shipment and tracks it.



`rateShipment()` Method
------------------------------------
The following tests exercise the [`rateShipment()` method](../../reference/methods/cancel-shipments.mdx).
They may also call the [`connect()` method](../../reference/methods/connect.mdx) if you do not provide
a `session` object in your [`connect.config.js` file](./../../testing/config.mdx).

| Test Name | Description
|-----------|------------------------------------------
|[`rateShipment`](./rate-shipment/rate-shipment.mdx) | Rates a shipment for a single [`delivery service`](../../reference/delivery-service.mdx).
|[`rateShipment_with_all_services`](./rate-shipment/rate-shipment-with-all-services.mdx) | Rate a shipment for all [`delivery services`](../../reference/delivery-service.mdx). This test will only be run if your app has more than one delivery service defined.
|[`rateShipment_return`](./rate-shipment/rate-shipment-return.mdx) | Rates a shipment for a single [`delivery service`](../../reference/delivery-service.mdx) that supports returns.


`createManifest()` Method
------------------------------------
The following tests exercise the [`createManifest()` method](../../reference/methods/create-manifest.mdx). They will
also utilize the [`createShipment()` method](../../reference/methods/create-shipment.mdx) to create the shipment(s) that will
be in the manifest in the test. They may also call the [`connect()` method](../../reference/methods/connect.mdx) if you do not provide
a `session` object in your [`connect.config.js` file](./../../testing/config.mdx).

| Test Name | Description
|-----------|------------------------------------------
| **COMING SOON!** | We're still working on building-out the test suite for ShipEngine Connect



`schedulePickup()` Method
------------------------------------
The following tests exercise the [`schedulePickup()` method](../../reference/methods/schedule-pickup.mdx). They will
also utilize the [`createShipment()` method](../../reference/methods/create-shipment.mdx) to create the shipment(s) that will
be picked up in the test. They may also call the [`connect()` method](../../reference/methods/connect.mdx) if you do not provide
a `session` object in your [`connect.config.js` file](./../../testing/config.mdx).

| Test Name | Description
|-----------|------------------------------------------
| [`schedulePickup_same_day`](./schedule-pickup/schedule-pickup-same-day.mdx) | Schedules a same day pickup.
| [`schedulePickup_next_day`](./schedule-pickup/schedule-pickup-next-day.mdx) | Schedules a next day pickup.



`cancelPickups()` Method
------------------------------------
The following tests exercise the [`cancelPickup()` method](../../reference/methods/cancel-pickups.mdx). They will
also utilize the [`createShipment()` method](../../reference/methods/create-shipment.mdx) to create shipment(s) and the
 [`schedulePickup()` method](../../reference/methods/schedule-pickup.mdx) to schedule the pickup that will
be cancelled in the test. They may also call the [`connect()` method](../../reference/methods/connect.mdx) if you do not provide
a `session` object in your [`connect.config.js` file](./../../testing/config.mdx).

| Test Name | Description
|-----------|------------------------------------------
| [`cancelPickups_same_day`](./cancel-pickup/cancel-pickups-same-day.mdx) | Cancels a same day pickup.
| [`cancelPickups_next_day`](./cancel-pickup/cancel-pickups-next-day.mdx) | Cancels a next day pickup.

Commit message:

Adds documentation for new connect_all_fields test

src/pages/docs/carrier-app/tests/index.mdx, after:

---
title: Carrier App Tests
description: The ShipEngine connect test suite includes comprehensive test coverage for your carrier app
---


Carrier App Tests
==========================================
The following automated tests are available for the [Carrier App](../../reference/carrier.mdx).

> **TIP:** Click on a test name to view the details for the test.


`connect()` Method
------------------------------------
The following tests exercise the [`connect() method`](../../reference/methods/connect.mdx) and the validity of your connection form's `connect.json` react json schema.

| Test Name | Description
|-----------|------------------------------------------
|[`connect_all_fields`](./connect/connect-all-fields.mdx) | Creates dummy for data based on your `connect.json` schema and submits it to the `connect()` method.



`createShipment()` Method
------------------------------------
The following tests exercise the [`createShipment()` method](../../reference/methods/create-shipment.mdx).
They may also call the [`connect() method`](../../reference/methods/connect.mdx) if you do not provide
a `session` object in your [`connect.config.js` file](./../../testing/config.mdx).

| Test Name | Description
|-----------|------------------------------------------
|[`createShipment_domestic`](./create-shipment/create-shipment-domestic.mdx) | Creates a domestic shipment.
|[`createShipment_international`](./create-shipment/create-shipment-international.mdx) | Creates an international shipment.
|[`createShipment_with_insurance`](./create-shipment/create-shipment-with-insurance.mdx) | Creates a domestic shipment with insurance.
|[`createShipment_multi_package`](./create-shipment/create-shipment-multi-package.mdx) | Creates a domestic shipment with multiple packages.
|[`createShipment_return`](./create-shipment/create-shipment-return.mdx) | Creates a return shipment.



`cancelShipments` Method
------------------------------------
The following tests exercise the [`cancelShipments()` method](../../reference/methods/cancel-shipments.mdx). They will
also utilize the [`createShipment()` method](../../reference/methods/create-shipment.mdx) to create the shipment(s) that will
be cancelled in the test. They may also call the [`connect()` method](../../reference/methods/connect.mdx) if you do not provide
 a `session` object in your [`connect.config.js` file](./../../testing/config.mdx).

| Test Name | Description
|-----------|------------------------------------------
| [`cancelShipment`](./cancel-shipment/cancel-shipment.mdx) | Creates a shipment and cancels it.



`trackShipments()` Method
------------------------------------
The following tests exercise the [`trackShipment()` method](../../reference/methods/track-shipment.mdx). They will
also utilize the [`createShipment()` method](../../reference/methods/create-shipment.mdx) to create the shipment(s) that will
be tracked in the test. They may also call the [`connect()` method](../../reference/methods/connect.mdx) if you do not provide
a `session` object in your [`connect.config.js` file](./../../testing/config.mdx).

| Test Name | Description
|-----------|------------------------------------------
| [`trackShipment`](./track-shipment/track-shipment.mdx) | Creates a shipment and tracks it.
| [`trackShipment_return`](./track-shipment/track-shipment-return.mdx) | Creates a return shipment and tracks it.



`rateShipment()` Method
------------------------------------
The following tests exercise the [`rateShipment()` method](../../reference/methods/cancel-shipments.mdx).
They may also call the [`connect()` method](../../reference/methods/connect.mdx) if you do not provide
a `session` object in your [`connect.config.js` file](./../../testing/config.mdx).

| Test Name | Description
|-----------|------------------------------------------
|[`rateShipment`](./rate-shipment/rate-shipment.mdx) | Rates a shipment for a single [`delivery service`](../../reference/delivery-service.mdx).
|[`rateShipment_with_all_services`](./rate-shipment/rate-shipment-with-all-services.mdx) | Rate a shipment for all [`delivery services`](../../reference/delivery-service.mdx). This test will only be run if your app has more than one delivery service defined.
|[`rateShipment_return`](./rate-shipment/rate-shipment-return.mdx) | Rates a shipment for a single [`delivery service`](../../reference/delivery-service.mdx) that supports returns.


`createManifest()` Method
------------------------------------
The following tests exercise the [`createManifest()` method](../../reference/methods/create-manifest.mdx). They will
also utilize the [`createShipment()` method](../../reference/methods/create-shipment.mdx) to create the shipment(s) that will
be in the manifest in the test. They may also call the [`connect()` method](../../reference/methods/connect.mdx) if you do not provide
a `session` object in your [`connect.config.js` file](./../../testing/config.mdx).

| Test Name | Description
|-----------|------------------------------------------
| **COMING SOON!** | We're still working on building-out the test suite for ShipEngine Connect



`schedulePickup()` Method
------------------------------------
The following tests exercise the [`schedulePickup()` method](../../reference/methods/schedule-pickup.mdx). They will
also utilize the [`createShipment()` method](../../reference/methods/create-shipment.mdx) to create the shipment(s) that will
be picked up in the test. They may also call the [`connect()` method](../../reference/methods/connect.mdx) if you do not provide
a `session` object in your [`connect.config.js` file](./../../testing/config.mdx).

| Test Name | Description
|-----------|------------------------------------------
| [`schedulePickup_same_day`](./schedule-pickup/schedule-pickup-same-day.mdx) | Schedules a same day pickup.
| [`schedulePickup_next_day`](./schedule-pickup/schedule-pickup-next-day.mdx) | Schedules a next day pickup.



`cancelPickups()` Method
------------------------------------
The following tests exercise the [`cancelPickup()` method](../../reference/methods/cancel-pickups.mdx). They will
also utilize the [`createShipment()` method](../../reference/methods/create-shipment.mdx) to create shipment(s) and the
 [`schedulePickup()` method](../../reference/methods/schedule-pickup.mdx) to schedule the pickup that will
be cancelled in the test. They may also call the [`connect()` method](../../reference/methods/connect.mdx) if you do not provide
a `session` object in your [`connect.config.js` file](./../../testing/config.mdx).

| Test Name | Description
|-----------|------------------------------------------
| [`cancelPickups_same_day`](./cancel-pickup/cancel-pickups-same-day.mdx) | Cancels a same day pickup.
| [`cancelPickups_next_day`](./cancel-pickup/cancel-pickups-next-day.mdx) | Cancels a next day pickup.
