website/src/pages/docs/oauth/index.mdx, before:

---
title: Authorization
description: The page describes how authorization works for Order Apps.
---

Authorization
====================

[ShipEngine Connect](./../index.mdx) supports the [OAuth 2.0](https://oauth.net/2/) protocol for [Order Apps](./../reference/order.mdx).
This allows users to give your app permission to interact with your backend API on their behalf without having
to supply their password. Instead, OAuth enables an end user to provide their credentials to a third party identity provider for authentication.
This is much safer for the end user than providing their login credentials directly to your app.
The access token can be revoked at any time without affecting any other applications or websites that have been given permission to
act on behalf of the user.


## Using OAuth 2.0 in Order Apps
You will provide a blank [connection form](./../reference/forms.mdx#connection-form-examples) in your Order App that will be displayed whenever
a user selects your app from within one of our e-commerce applications. When the user clicks the `Connect` button, they
will be redirected to a third party identity provider based on the workflow you have defined in your  [OAuth Config Definition](./oauth-config.mdx) file.



The user will then provide their credentials to the third party identity provider who will authenticate the user. Upon successful
authentication, the identity provider will issue an access token for your app to use when making calls to your backend API.
When a method in your Order App is called, it will receive a [`transaction` object](./../reference/order-transaction.mdx)
as the first parameter. You can then retrieve the OAuth access token from the `transaction.session.auth.accessToken` property.

Commit message:

docs: clarify the support for Basic Auth in Order Apps (#110)

website/src/pages/docs/oauth/index.mdx, after:

---
title: Authorization
description: The page describes how authorization works for Order Apps.
---

Authorization
====================

[ShipEngine Connect](./../index.mdx) supports both Basic Auth and the [OAuth 2.0](https://oauth.net/2/) protocol for [Order Apps](./../reference/order.mdx).
OAuth allows users to give your app permission to interact with your backend API on their behalf without having
to supply their password. Instead, OAuth enables an end user to provide their credentials to a third party identity provider for authentication.
This is much safer for the end user than providing their login credentials directly to your app.
The access token can be revoked at any time without affecting any other applications or websites that have been given permission to
act on behalf of the user.


## Using OAuth 2.0 in Order Apps
You will provide a blank [connection form](./../reference/forms.mdx#connection-form-examples) in your Order App that will be displayed whenever
a user selects your app from within one of our e-commerce applications. When the user clicks the `Connect` button, they
will be redirected to a third party identity provider based on the workflow you have defined in your  [OAuth Config Definition](./oauth-config.mdx) file.



The user will then provide their credentials to the third party identity provider who will authenticate the user. Upon successful
authentication, the identity provider will issue an access token for your app to use when making calls to your backend API.
When a method in your Order App is called, it will receive a [`transaction` object](./../reference/order-transaction.mdx)
as the first parameter. You can then retrieve the OAuth access token from the `transaction.session.auth.accessToken` property.


## Using Basic Auth in Order Apps
Specify the necessary authentication data in the [connection form](./../reference/forms.mdx#connection-form-examples) of your Order App.
These fields will be included on the [`transaction` object](./../reference/order-transaction.mdx) passed to the other methods of your app.
If your form includes `username`, `password`, and/or `api_key` fields, they will be available via the `transaction.session.auth` object.
All other fields will be attached to `transaction.session`.
