src/pages/docs/oauth/flow/refresh-token.mdx, before:

---
title: OAuth Refresh Token
description: This describes the refresh token step
tags:
  - ShipEngine Connect
  - OAuth
---

# Refresh Token

Some, but not all, 3rd parties return short-lived Access Tokens that must be
refreshed using a "refresh token". The `refresh_token` component describes the
server-server interaction Auth Bridge can make to refresh an access token using a
refresh token.

The `refresh_token` flow differs from the other components of the auth flow in
that it does not require any interaction in the user's browser. The Auth Bridge
client (Application) makes a server-to-server request to the *internal* endpoint
`/internal/api/<integration-api-code>/<app-id>/refresh_token`.
The `refresh_token` flow differs from the other components of the auth flow in
that it does not require any interaction in the user's browser. The ShipEngine Connect Platform will handle any token refreshing that is required.
See the [OAuth 2.0 RFC - Refresh Token](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc6749#section-1.5)
for details on refresh tokens.

```json
"refresh_token": {
    "url_template": "http://localhost:3002/access/token/request",
    "method": "POST",
    "headers": [
        {
            "name": "Content-Type",
            "value": "application/x-www-form-urlencoded"
        }
    ],
    "body": [
      {
        "name": "grant_type",
        "value": "refresh_token"
      },
      {
        "name": "refresh_token",
        "value": "{result_token_response:refresh_token}"
      },
      {
        "name": "client_id",
        "value": "{installation:client_id}"
      },
      {
        "name": "client_secret",
        "value": "{installation:client_secret}"
      }
    ]
  }
```

<Pager
  prev="./request-token.mdx" prevTitle="Request Token"
  next="../index.mdx" nextTitle="Auth Bridge Overview"
/>

Commit message:

Add result_token_response to refresh token

src/pages/docs/oauth/flow/refresh-token.mdx, after:

---
title: OAuth Refresh Token
description: This describes the refresh token step
tags:
  - ShipEngine Connect
  - OAuth
---

# Refresh Token

Some, but not all, 3rd parties return short-lived Access Tokens that must be
refreshed using a "refresh token". The `refresh_token` component describes the
server-server interaction Auth Bridge can make to refresh an access token using a
refresh token.

The `refresh_token` flow differs from the other components of the auth flow in
that it does not require any interaction in the user's browser. The Auth Bridge
client (Application) makes a server-to-server request to the *internal* endpoint
`/internal/api/<integration-api-code>/<app-id>/refresh_token`.
The `refresh_token` flow differs from the other components of the auth flow in
that it does not require any interaction in the user's browser. The ShipEngine Connect Platform will handle any token refreshing that is required.
See the [OAuth 2.0 RFC - Refresh Token](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc6749#section-1.5)
for details on refresh tokens.

> **INFO:** The `{result_token_response:refresh_token}` will be resolved using the [result token response resolver](../resolver/result-token-response.mdx).

```json
"refresh_token": {
    "url_template": "http://localhost:3002/access/token/request",
    "method": "POST",
    "headers": [
        {
            "name": "Content-Type",
            "value": "application/x-www-form-urlencoded"
        }
    ],
    "body": [
      {
        "name": "grant_type",
        "value": "refresh_token"
      },
      {
        "name": "refresh_token",
        "value": "{result_token_response:refresh_token}"
      },
      {
        "name": "client_id",
        "value": "{installation:client_id}"
      },
      {
        "name": "client_secret",
        "value": "{installation:client_secret}"
      }
    ]
  }
```

<Pager
  prev="./request-token.mdx" prevTitle="Request Token"
  next="../index.mdx#templating" nextTitle="Templating"
/>
