oauth/2.0.md, before:

---
title: OAuth 2.0
description: This describes the oauth 2.0 config used for applications
tags:
  - ShipEngine Connect
  - OAuth
---

# OAuth 2.0 Configuration

## OAuth 2

An Integration Definition consists of three main components, which match the
OAuth2.0 code-exchange flow. In order, they are:

1. [Authorization](./flow/authorization.md)
1. [Request Token](./flow/request-token.md)
1. [Refresh Token](./flow/refresh-token.md)

:::success Pro Tip
If you are not familiar with OAuth2 code-exchange flow there are many

sites online that provide information:
- [Auth0 Authorization Code Flow](https://auth0.com/docs/flows/authorization-code-flow)
- [Okta: Authorization](https://www.oauth.com/oauth2-servers/authorization/)
- [Okta: What the Heck is OAuth?](https://developer.okta.com/blog/2017/06/21/what-the-heck-is-oauth)
:::

### Example Specification
```typescript
import {
  AuthenticationType,
  AuthSpecification,
  OrderSourceAppMetadata,
} from "@shipengine/connect-order-source-api";

export const AuthProcess: AuthSpecification = {
  Identifier: {
    AuthenticationType: AuthenticationType.OAuth,
    IsSandbox: false,
  },
  authorization: {
    url_template: "https://accounts.example.com/o/oauth2/v2/auth",
    query_parameters: [
      {
        name: "client_id",
        value: "{installation:client_id}",
      },
      {
        name: "redirect_uri",
        value: "{system:authorize_callback_url}",
      },
      {
        name: "response_type",
        value: "code",
      },
      {
        name: "scope",
        value: "https://www.exampleapis.com/auth/content",
      },
      {
        name: "access_type",
        value: "offline",
      },
      {
        name: "prompt",
        value: "consent",
      },
    ],
    nonce: null,
  },
  request_token: {
    url_template: "https://oauth2.exampleapis.com/token",
    method: "POST",
    body: [
      {
        name: "redirect_uri",
        value: "{system:authorize_callback_url}",
      },
      {
        name: "code",
        value: "{callback:code}",
      },
      {
        name: "grant_type",
        value: "authorization_code",
      },
      {
        name: "client_id",
        value: "{installation:client_id}",
      },
      {
        name: "client_secret",
        value: "{installation:client_secret}",
      },
    ],
    headers: [
      {
        name: "Content-Type",
        value: "application/x-www-form-urlencoded",
      },
    ],
    query_parameters: [],
  },
  refresh_token: {
    url_template: "https://oauth2.exampleapis.com/token",
    method: "POST",
    body: [
      {
        name: "client_secret",
        value: "{installation:client_secret}",
      },
      {
        name: "grant_type",
        value: "refresh_token",
      },
      {
        name: "client_id",
        value: "{installation:client_id}",
      },
      {
        name: "refresh_token",
        value: "{result_token_response:refresh_token}",
      },
    ],
    headers: [
      {
        name: "Content-Type",
        value: "application/x-www-form-urlencoded",
      },
    ],
    query_parameters: [],
  },
  advanced_configuration: [],
};

export const Metadata: OrderSourceAppMetadata = {
  // DO NOT CHANGE THIS ID AFTER PUBLISHING
  Id: "bcce593b-dce3-4491-8722-a56e653c173f",
  Name: "Example",
  AuthProcess,
  OrderSources: [Example],
};
```

## Advanced Topics

- [Response Transformation](./advanced/response-transformation.md) _(specify how responses from the two exchanges can be mapped into the the platform canonical model)_
- [Connection Context](./advanced/connection-context.md) _(allows a response transformer to specify a collection of properties in connection_context)
- [Templating](./templating/index.md) _(substituting values in your configuration {installation:client_id}, etc...)

Commit message:

Document the connection names feature (#123)
* Various editorial changes to OAuth description

* Rearrange OAuth navigation

* Document connection_names functionality

* Fix broken links

* Fix typos

oauth/2.0.md, after:

---
title: OAuth 2.0
description: This describes the oauth 2.0 config used for applications
tags:
  - ShipEngine Connect
  - OAuth
---

# OAuth 2.0 Configuration

## OAuth 2

An Integration Definition consists of three main components, which match the
OAuth2.0 code-exchange flow. In order, they are:

1. [Authorization](./flow/authorization.md)
1. [Request Token](./flow/request-token.md)
1. [Refresh Token](./flow/refresh-token.md)

:::success Pro Tip
If you are not familiar with OAuth2 code-exchange flow, consider the following resources:
- [Auth0 Authorization Code Flow](https://auth0.com/docs/flows/authorization-code-flow)
- [Okta: Authorization](https://www.oauth.com/oauth2-servers/authorization/)
- [Okta: What the Heck is OAuth?](https://developer.okta.com/blog/2017/06/21/what-the-heck-is-oauth)
:::

### Example Specification
```typescript
import {
  AuthenticationType,
  AuthSpecification,
  OrderSourceAppMetadata,
} from "@shipengine/connect-order-source-api";

export const AuthProcess: AuthSpecification = {
  Identifier: {
    AuthenticationType: AuthenticationType.OAuth,
    IsSandbox: false,
  },
  authorization: {
    url_template: "https://accounts.example.com/o/oauth2/v2/auth",
    query_parameters: [
      {
        name: "client_id",
        value: "{installation:client_id}",
      },
      {
        name: "redirect_uri",
        value: "{system:authorize_callback_url}",
      },
      {
        name: "response_type",
        value: "code",
      },
      {
        name: "scope",
        value: "https://www.exampleapis.com/auth/content",
      },
      {
        name: "access_type",
        value: "offline",
      },
      {
        name: "prompt",
        value: "consent",
      },
    ],
    nonce: null,
  },
  request_token: {
    url_template: "https://oauth2.exampleapis.com/token",
    method: "POST",
    body: [
      {
        name: "redirect_uri",
        value: "{system:authorize_callback_url}",
      },
      {
        name: "code",
        value: "{callback:code}",
      },
      {
        name: "grant_type",
        value: "authorization_code",
      },
      {
        name: "client_id",
        value: "{installation:client_id}",
      },
      {
        name: "client_secret",
        value: "{installation:client_secret}",
      },
    ],
    headers: [
      {
        name: "Content-Type",
        value: "application/x-www-form-urlencoded",
      },
    ],
    query_parameters: [],
  },
  refresh_token: {
    url_template: "https://oauth2.exampleapis.com/token",
    method: "POST",
    body: [
      {
        name: "client_secret",
        value: "{installation:client_secret}",
      },
      {
        name: "grant_type",
        value: "refresh_token",
      },
      {
        name: "client_id",
        value: "{installation:client_id}",
      },
      {
        name: "refresh_token",
        value: "{result_token_response:refresh_token}",
      },
    ],
    headers: [
      {
        name: "Content-Type",
        value: "application/x-www-form-urlencoded",
      },
    ],
    query_parameters: [],
  },
  advanced_configuration: [],
};

export const Metadata: OrderSourceAppMetadata = {
  // DO NOT CHANGE THIS ID AFTER PUBLISHING
  Id: "bcce593b-dce3-4491-8722-a56e653c173f",
  Name: "Example",
  AuthProcess,
  OrderSources: [Example],
};
```

### Related reading

- [Response Transformation](./advanced/response-transformation.md) _(specify how responses from the two exchanges can be mapped into the the platform canonical model)_
- [Templating](./templating/index.md) _(substituting values in your configuration {installation:client_id}, etc...)
